Blake.Blake.Sorry, Sarge.Pick a man.Bring your kit.Yes, Sarge.Don't dawdle.No, Sarge.Did they feed us?No. Just mail.Time for some tea!Tea's up!Myrtle's having puppies.You get anything?No.Oh, I'm bloody starving.
Aren't you?Thought we might get
some decent grub out here.It was the only reason I
decided against the priesthood.What you got there?Ham and bread.Where did you find that?I have my uses.Here.Ugh.Tastes like old shoe.Cheer up.This time next week,
it'll be chicken dinner.Not me.My leave got canceled.They say why?No idea.It's easier
not to go back at all.Coming through.Something's up.- Did you hear anything?
- No.Has to be the push, right?Ten bob says we're going up.I'm not taking that bet.Why? 'Cause you know I'm right?No. Because you haven't
got ten bob.In your own time, gentlemen.Is there any news, Sarge?- News of what?
- The big push.It was supposed to happen
weeks ago.They told us we'd be home
by Christmas.Yes, well, sorry to
disrupt your crowded schedule,Blake, but the brass hats
didn't fancy it in the snow.More's the pity, Sarge.I could've done with
some turkey.Well, I'll make sureto relay your displeasure
to command.So what's on
the cards, then, Sergeant?The Hun are up to something.Any idea what?No. But it's
about to ruin our weekend.Now, listen.Erinmore is inside,
so tidy yourselves up.Never know.Might be mentions in dispatches
for this one.If you don't bugger it up.Must be something big
if the general's here.Lance Corporals
Blake and Schofield, sir.Which one of you is Blake?Sir.You have a brother,
a lieutenant in the 2nd Devons?Yes, sir.- Joseph Blake. Is he...
- Alive.As far as I know.And with your help,
I'd like to keep it that way.Sanders tells me
you're good with maps.That true?Good enough, sir.So...we are here.The 2nd Devons
are advancing here.How long will it take you
to get there?I don't understand, sir.Sir, that land
is held by the Germans.Germans have gone.Don't get your hopes up.It appears to be
a strategic withdrawal.They seem to have
created a new line,nine miles back here
by the looks of it.Colonel Mackenzie
is in command of the 2nd.He sent word yesterday morninghe was going after
the retreating Germans.He is convinced
he has them on the run.That if he can
break their lines now,he will turn the tide.He is wrong.Colonel Mackenzie
has not seen these aerialsof the enemy's new line.Come around here, gentlemen.Three miles deep,
field fortifications, defenses,artillery the like of which
we've never seen before.The 2nd are due
to attack the lineshortly after dawn tomorrow.They have no idea
what they're in for.And we can't warn them.As a parting gift, the enemy
cut all our telephone lines.Your orders are to get
to the 2nd at Croisilles Wood,one mile southeast
of the town of Écoust.Deliver this
to Colonel Mackenzie.It is a direct order to call
off tomorrow morning's attack.If you don't,
it will be a massacre.We will lose two battalions...1,600 men,
your brother among them.You think you can
get there in time?Yes, sir.Any questions?- No, sir.
- Good.Over to you, Lieutenant.Supplies, gentlemen.Map, torches, grenades, and,
uh, a couple of little treats.Leave immediately.Take this trench west
up on Sauchiehall Street,then northwest on
Paradise Alley at the front.Continue along the front line
until you find the Yorks.Give this note
to Major Stevenson.He's holding the line at the
shortest span of no-man's-land.You'll cross there.It'll be daylight, sir.
They'll see us.There's no need
to be concerned.You should meet no resistance.Sir, is... is it just us?"Down to Gehenna
or up to the Throne,He travels the fastest
who travels alone."Wouldn't you say, Lieutenant?Yes, sir, I would.Good luck.Blake, let's talk about this
for a minute.Why?Blake.We just need to think about it.There's nothing to think about.It's my big brother.We should at least
wait until it's dark.Erinmore said
to leave immediately.Erinmore's
never seen no-man's-land.We won't make it ten yards.- If we just wait...
- You heard him.He said the Boche have gone.Is that why
he gave us grenades?Oy.Watch where you're going.Sorry.All I'm saying is that we wait.Yes, you would say that, 'cause
it's not your brother, is it?Look, the last time I was told
the Germans were gone,it didn't end well.You don't know, Blake.
You weren't there.Excuse me. Excuse me.Excuse me.You're going up the
down trench, you bloody idiot.Orders of the general, sir.All right.
Say the Boche have gone.Nine miles will take us,
what, six hours?Eight at the very most.So we've got time to wait
until the sun sets.- It's enemy territory.
- Otherwise, we'll be wide open.We've got no idea
what we're walking into.Blake, if we're not
clever about this,no one will
get to your brother.I will.We're here.
This is the front line.Now we need to find the Yorks.- Sorry, mate.
- Jesus!Watch who you're shoving.All right,
get out of the way, then.Hey, who the fuck
do you think you are,pushing wounded soldiers
around?!Let go! Let go of me!Arsehole knocked down
our sergeant!The man's fucking wounded!All right, I'm sorry.
All right? I'm sorry!- We're on commission.
- Just let me through.- Orders from the general.
- Just let me through.Get out of the way.Fine.Just watch where you're going.Yorks.It's bloody quiet.Was it like this
before Thiepval?Don't remember.You don't remember the Somme?- Not really.
- Hey, mind us.Come on.Well, you did all right
out of it.At least wear your ribbon.Don't have it anymore.What? You lost your medal?Heads down, boys.Come on, lads. Keep digging.Stay low.For God's sake. Careful there.You're stepping on the dead.That's our sergeant.Be better washing them out of
this dugout with a bloody hose.Do you know
where the Yorks are?The next bend,you'll be standing
on top of half of them.Shot to hell two nights ago.- Yorks?
- Yes, Corp.Where's Major Stevenson?He was killed,
couple of nights ago, Corporal.Lieutenant Leslie has command.Where can we find him?Next dugout.Here.Sir?- Lieutenant Leslie, sir?
- What is it?We have a message
from General Erinmore.- Are you our relief?
- No, sir.Well, when the fucking hell
are they due?We don't know, sir, but we've
got orders to cross here.That is the German front line.We know, sir.If you'll just take the letter.Settle a bet.
What day is it?- Friday.
- Friday. Well, well, well.None of us was right.This idiot thought
it was Tuesday.Sorry, sir.Are they out of
their fucking minds?One slow night, the brass think
the Hun have just gone home.Do you think
they're wrong, sir?We lost an officer
and three men two nights ago.They were shot to bits
patching up wire.We dragged two of them
back here. Needn't bothered.Sir, the general is sure
the enemy have withdrawn.There are aerials
of the new line that...Shut up.
We fought and diedover every inch
of this fucking place.Now they suddenly
give us miles?It's a trap.But chin up. There's a medal
in it, for sure.Nothing like a scrap of ribbon
to cheer up a widow.All right.Where's the nearest
way through, sir?Our wire's a mess, but there is
a path through of sorts.Rushworth, let him look.Straight ahead to the left,
past the dead horses.There's a gap
directly behind them.Useful, because if it's dark,
you follow the stench.When you get
to the second wire,look out for the bowing chap.There's a small break
just beside him.The German line is
150-odd yards after that.Watch out for the craters;
they're deeper than they look.You fall in,
there's no getting out.This way.Wake up, Kilgour.Bloody waste of space.Any cover, sir?
Anywhere to jump off from?No, the sap trench
was blown to hell weeks ago.It was full of bodies anyway.Your best bet
is to pop over here.If you do get shot, try to
make it back to the wire.We won't come after you,
not till it's dark.And if by some fucking miracle
you do make it,send up a flare.Don't have any, sir.Well, get him one, Kilgour.
Make yourself useful.Yes, sir.Through this holy unction,may the Lord
pardon you your faultsand whatever sins
thou has committed.I do hate losing these
to the Hun,so when they start
shooting at you,could you be so kind
as to throw it back?There's a good chap.Cheerio.You sure?Yes.Age before beauty.You all right?Look for cover.Sap trench.Stay still.They're ours.Keep going. We're halfway.There's a gap, in the wire.Sco.There. That's the front line.Fuck me.They really have gone.Your hand all right?Put it through
an effing German.Patch it up.You'll be wanking again
in no time.Wrong hand.They're not long gone.No good.Blocked.This might be a way through.Jesus.Look at this.It's massive.They built all this.Here's our way through.Sco.How about this?Bloody hell.Even their rats
are bigger than ours.What do you think's
in the bags?You cannot be that hungry.Look at him,
cocky little bastard.You could eat this, though.- What is it?
- Boche dog meat.What's in the other boxes?- What's wrong?
- Trip wire.Don't move.Where is it?Goes from here to the door.Oh, Jesus!Oh, no.Sco!Sco?Sco!Sco! Sco.Sco! Sco.Sco.Sco! Wake up!Wake up!Sco! Sco!Stand up! Stand up!Come on. Stand up!Up! Up! Up!Come on!Stand up!The whole thing's coming down!Come on.You keep hold of me!We need to keep moving!Come on!I can't see. I can't see!Oh! Stop, stop, stop, stop!Stop!It's a mine shaft!Right, we'll have to jump.Come on!You're going to have to jump.- Just jump!
- I can't.- I can't see!
- You need to trust me.Jump!Don't let go of me!
Don't let go!Light. There's light.Stop. Stop.Just let me stand.Dirty bastards!Careful. They may have
left other traps.Jesus.Dust.So much dust in my eyes.Here.Have some of mine.I wish I'd shot that rat now.I wish you picked
some other bloody idiot.- What?
- Why in God's name did you have to choose me?Well, I didn't know
what I was picking you for.No, you didn't.You never know.
That's your problem.All right, then, go back.Nothing's stopping you.- You can go all the way bloody home if you want.
- Don't.Just don't.I-I didn't know
what I was picking you for.I thought they were going to
send us back up the lineor for food or something.I thought it was going to be
something easy.All right?I never thought
it would be this.So do you want to go back?Just fire the fucking flare.Up yours, Lieutenant.Do you know where we are?Écoust is directly southeast.And if we keep that bearing,
we should make it.Come on, then.Look at that.They destroyed their own guns.They destroyed
their own trenches, too.What do you mean?I think they wanted us
to go that way.They wanted to bury us.You bastard rats.Hey.Did you hear that story
about Wilko?- How he lost his ear.
- I'm not in the mood.Keep your eyes on the trees.Top of the ridge.Bet he told you
it was shrapnel.What was it, then?Well, you know his girl's
a hairdresser, right?And he was moaning about
the lack of bathing facilitieswhen he wrote to her.Remember those
rancid jakes at Arras?Yeah.Anyway, she sends him over
this hair oil.Smells sweet.
Like Golden Syrup.Wilko loves the smell,but he doesn't want
to cart it around in his pack.So he slathers it all over
his barnet, goes to sleep.And in the middle of the night,
he wakes up,and a rat is sitting
on his shoulder,licking the oil off his head.Wilko panics, and he jumps up.And when he does, the rat bites
clean through his fucking ear- and runs off with it.
- No.Oh, he made a hell of a fuss...yelling, screaming.The best of it was he put
so much bloody oil on himselfthat he couldn't wash it off.He was like a magnet.The rats left us alone,but they couldn't get
enough of him.Poor bastard.Heading back home.I wonder what they saw.Watch the ridgelines.Well, that's your medal
sorted, then.What do you mean?"Lance Corporal Blake
showed unusual valorrescuing a comrade
from certain death."Blah, blah, blah.You reckon?I do.Well, that'd be nice.Since you lost yours.I didn't lose mine.What happened to it, then?- Why do you care?
- Why do you not?I swapped it
with a French captain.- Swapped it?
- Mm-hmm.For what?Bottle of wine.Well, what did you do that for?I was thirsty.What a waste.You should've
taken it home with you.You should've given it
to your family.Men have died for that.If I got a medal,
I'd take it back home.Why didn't you just
take it home?Look, it's just
a bit of bloody tin.It doesn't make you special.Doesn't make
any difference to anyone.Yes, it does.And it's not just a bit of tin.It's got a ribbon on it.I hated going home.I hated it.When I knew I couldn't stay,when I knew I had to leave
and they might never see...Jesus.They chopped them all down.Cherries.Lamberts.They might be dukes.Hard to tell
when they aren't in fruit.What's the difference?Well, people think
there's one type.But there's lots of them.Cuthberts, Queen Annes,
Montmorencys,sweet ones, sour ones.Why on earth
would you know this?Mum's got an orchard back home.Only a few trees.This time of year, it looks
like it's been snowing.Blossom everywhere.And then in May,
we have to pick them.Me and Joe.Takes the whole day.So these ones are all goners?Oh, no.They'll grow again
when the stones rot.You'll end up with
more trees than before.It looks abandoned.Let's hope so.We have to make sure.I'll take front. You take back.Anything?Nothing.- Did you find any food?
- No.I don't like this place.Map says get over that ridge,and it's a straight shot
to Écoust.Good.Is that our friends again?Looks like it.Dogfight.Who's winning?Us, I think.Two on one.They got him.We should put him
out of his misery.No. Get him some water.
He needs water.It's all right.
It's all right. Steady.- St-Steady. Stay still.
- <i>Nein.</i>Stop. Stop!No, no, no!No!You bastard!You bloody bastard.Oh.- Oh, God, no.
- Oh.My God, no!Jes... Jesus, no!- Oh, Je...
- We have to stop the bleeding.Stop! Stop it! Stop it!It's all right. It's all right.
It's going to be all right.Ow.We're going to stand up.- Yes. Yes.
- Right?Okay.No! I can't. I can't.Ow!- We have to get to an aid post.
- I can't!I'll carry you.
It isn't very far.Just bring a doctor here.We can't.
We have to go together.We're going to get up.
We're going to get up.Stop.Please stop!Put me down!Put me down, you bastard!Please! Put me down!You have to try to keep moving.Let's just sit.- Let me sit.
- No, we can't.We have to find the 2nd,
remember?Your brother.
We have to go now.You can start on without me.
I'll catch up.No.You can't stay here.We have to move.
All right?We have to move.Come on. Come on!Come on.That's it. Come on.Come on. Come on.Your brother.We have to find your brother.You'll recognize him.He looks like me.And he's a bit older.What are they?Are we being shelled?They're embers.The barn is on fire.I've been hit.What was it?You were stabbed.Am I dying?Yes.Yes, I think you are.Oh. No. No.This?Inside.Will you write
to my mum for me?I will.Tell her I wasn't scared.Anything else?I love them.I wish that...I wish that...Talk to me.Tell me you know the way.I know the way.I'm going to head southeast
until I hit Écoust.I'll pass through the town
and out to the east,all the way to Croisilles Wood.It'll be dark by then.That won't bother me.I'll find the 2nd,I'll give them the message,and then I'll find
your brother.Just like you.A little older.You all right, mate?Hey, it's all right.
It's okay.Come on, help him.Jesus. What happened to him?Was it the plane?- We saw the smoke.
- Yeah.Go and fetch his things.- Sir.
- Sir.A friend?What are you doing here?I have an urgent message
for the 2nd Devons.Orders to stop
tomorrow morning's attack.And where are they stationed?Just beyond Écoust.Come with me.Come with me, Corporal.
It's an order.We're passing through Écoust.We can take you
some of the way.Sir.Oh, come on, Sergeant!Put more men on the base.At the trunk.
It'll be heavier there.Might be a tight squeeze.No, you're not going
to be able to just lift it.Pivot the front end
to the left.Jesus, they don't
make things easy, do they?They could at least have
retreated with a bit of grace.Bastards!Sir.- You're not one of mine.
- No, sir.He has an urgent message to
deliver to the 2nd Devons, sir.Can you get past it?- No, sir.
- Oh, for God's sake.Just move it!There's room
in the casuals' truck, sir.- He has orders.
- Yes, yes, all right.Come on, now. You can
get through there sideways.How did you get here, sir?Crossed no-man's-land,
just outside Bapaume.Took us the whole night.Bumped into a couple of
Hun stragglers on the waywho made a nuisance
of themselves.You're going up
to the new line?Attempting to.The Newfoundlands
have pushed forwardsand requested reinforcements.I'm sorry about your friend.May I tell you something
that you probably already know?It doesn't do to dwell on it.No, sir.Hop on.Make some space there.Come on, in you get.All right.
Here we go again, boys.Welcome aboard the night bus
to fuck-knows-where.Is that a dead dog?- You got a fag?
- Yeah. There you go.- Butler.
- Oy.- Carry on with that story.
- Oh, yeah. Right.So, when we get off the train,
Beaufoy comes up to us,and he's having a right go."Lance Corporal,
whatever one does,one never lets standards slip."Then Scott comes
out the latrine.He wipes his hand on the back
of Beaufoy's jacket.Shit all down his back.Was that meant to be
Captain Beaufoy?Oh, piss off, you.
You can't do any better."Men, your rifle stocks arean embarrassment to the entire
Expeditionary Force."- Nah.
- No.You're both bloody awful.You don't know. You barely even
speak the bloody language.He's got a better grasp
of it than you, Cooke.Well, go on, then, Jondalar.
Give it a go. Let's see it."Rossi! Never in my 200 years
as a soldierhave I seen such a sorry excuse
for a latrine pit."Shite.That is total shit.Oy. Could've taken
my teeth out with that.You could do with a new set.You got somewhere
you need to be?- No.
- Arsehole needs driving lessons.- He should reverse.
- Yeah.Try it in reverse.Reverse!No. Stop.Stop!- Everyone needs to get out.
- Who the fuck is he?All out!- Come on!
- All right.All right,
keep your bloody hair on.Right.One, two, three!We need to get some wood,
put it under the wheels.No, we haven't got the time.We all need to push.
Come on.Come on!Please. I have to go now.Please.All right, come on, lads.Come on.Come on, boys.One, two, three.Come on, boys!
One last push, yeah?!One, two, three!Back in.Get back in.Go.Are you all right?Here, driver, how about you tryto keep it on the bloody road
for a change?Oh, piss off.So, where are you going?I have to get to the
2nd Devons, just past Écoust.Why?They're attacking at dawn.I have orders to stop them.How come?They're walking into a trap.How many?Sixteen hundred.Ooh.Jesus.Why did they send you
on your own?They didn't.There were two of us.So now it's down to you?Yes.You'll never make it.Yes, I will.Thank you.Look at it.Fucking look at it.Three years fighting over this.We should've just let
the bastards keep it.I mean, who machine-guns cows?Huns with extra bullets.Bastards.Clever.They know if they don't shoot
the cow, you will eat it.Still bastards.Yeah, it's not even
our bloody country.How long gone
do you reckon they are?Why?Worried we'll catch up
with them?Yeah.Right. Be a bloody miracle
at this rate.Yeah, they're probably
right round the next corner.Piss off. No, they're not.Why don't they just
bloody well give up?Eh? Don't they want to go home?They hate
their wives and mothers.And Germany must be a shithole.They're retreating.They're miles back.Got 'em on the ropes, at least.No. We don't.Oh, bollocks.
What's up now?Not another bloody tree.Bridge is down.Oh. That's a shame.Looks like I'll be
getting out here.Good luck.Keep some of that luck
for yourself, pal.- Think you'll be needing it.
- Good luck, mate.- Good luck.
- Good luck, gov.- Good luck.
- Don't balls it up.I hope you get there.Thank you.The next bridge is six miles.We'll have to divert.I can't, sir.I don't have the time.Of course.Best of luck.Thank you, sir.Corporal?If you do manage to get
to Colonel Mackenzie,make sure there are witnesses.They are direct orders, sir.I know.But some men
just want the fight.Thank you, sir.Driver! Move off!<i>Anglais.</i>Not German.Friend.I'm a friend.This place, this town.Écoust?<i>C'est Écoust?</i>Others?No. Just me.O-Only me.I need to be somewhere.I need to find a wood
to the southeast.Uh, trees.<i>Les arbres?</i>- Uh, Croiset?
- Croisilles?Yes.- River.
- River.It go there.Trees.Croisilles.<i>Asseyez-vous, monsieur.</i>Thank you.A girl?What is her name?Who is her mother?I have food.Here.I have these.But you can have them.Here, take them all.For you and the child.Here.Milk?<i>Merci.</i><i>Bonjour.</i><i>Bonjour.</i>Children?You?It's all right."They went to sea in a Sieve,
they did,"In a Sieve they went to sea:"In spite of
all their friends could say,"On a winter's morn,
on a stormy day,"In a Sieve they went to sea!"Far and few, far and few,"Are the lands
where the Jumblies live;"Their heads are green,
and their hands are blue,And they went to sea
in a Sieve."Stay.Stay.Please.I have to go.Please.I'm sorry.<i>Engländer!</i><i>Mein Gott, Baumer.</i>Baumer?Baumer?Baumer?Baumer!<i>Engländer!</i><i>Engländer!</i>♪ I am a poor
wayfaring stranger ♪♪ I'm traveling through
this world of woe ♪♪ Yet there's no sickness,
toil nor danger ♪♪ In that bright land
to which I go ♪♪ I'm going there
to see my father ♪♪ I'm going there
no more to roam ♪♪ I'm only going over Jordan ♪♪ I'm only going over home ♪♪ I know dark clouds
will gather round me ♪♪ I know my way
is rough and steep ♪♪ But golden fields
lie just before me ♪♪ Where God's redeemed
shall ever sleep ♪♪ I'm going home
to see my mother ♪♪ And all my loved ones
who've gone on ♪♪ I'm only going over Jordan ♪♪ I'm only going over home ♪♪ I am a poor
wayfaring stranger ♪♪ I'm traveling through
this world of woe ♪♪ Yet there's no sickness,
toil nor danger ♪♪ In that bright land
to which I go ♪♪ I'm going there
to see my father ♪♪ I'm going there
no more to roam ♪♪ I'm only going over Jordan ♪♪ I'm only going over home. ♪D Company, move out!You all right, pal?Uh, where you from?He's probably got the wind up.Well, he's not one of ours.He's bloody soaked.Fuck it. Let's just pick
him up and take him with us.Have to find the Devons.- What's he saying?
- What's that, mate?The Devons.I have to find the Devons.We're the Devons.- You're the Devons?
- Yes, Corp.Why haven't you gone over?W-We're the second wave.They don't send us all at once.Yeah, we're D Company.
We spent the night digging in.We go last.Are you all right?Mackenzie.
Where's Colonel Mackenzie?Well, he's down at the line.- Which way?
- This way.We're headed up there now.Oy, steady on, mate.
Where you going?Move!Let me by!Let me through!Remember, follow
your platoon commander.Stay spread out
and watch for his orders.Where is
your commanding officer?He's in the holding pen.Raise your signal
flags or fire the signal flareswhen you've taken your section
of the Hun line.B Company, stand to.Now, listen and listen well.On the first mark,
A Company will advance.B Company will then move
to the front line.Sir, I have a message
from General Erinmore.Who the fuck are you?The attack has been called off.General Erinmore has
called off the attack.Balls, man.
We're about to go over.- We've got them on the run.
- You don't.Please don't
send your men over.Get out of the way, Corporal!These are direct orders
from army command!Where is Colonel Mackenzie?!Jesus Christ, man!
Go and see the captain!Now, I want us up there
quickly, you understand?Do you understand?!- Yes, sir!
- Two Mills bombs per man.NCOs collect flares
and signal flags.- Keep to your stations.
- Oy. Oy!Nine and ten section
at the ready!We will advance
on the first whistle blast.- 11 and 12...
- ...not slow down.The man next to you falls,
keep moving.Your orders are
to break the lines.Where is the captain?He's over there.Keep in your section formation.Sir! Sir!Captain, I have a message.This attack is called off.You have to stop.
You have to stop!Where is Colonel Mackenzie?Where is Mackenzie?!Get back! Back!Return to your sections! Back!Hold fast!Seven Platoon, one minute!Sir, I have orders
to stop this attack!What?Where is Colonel Mackenzie?!He's further up the line.- How far?
- 300 yards.He's in a cut-and-cover.You'll have to wait until
the first wave goes over.No. No, I can't.Seven Platoon, 30 seconds!You can't possibly
make it that way, man.Are you bloody insane?What the hell are you doing,
Lance Corporal?No. No, no, no, no!Into position!Get ready!- Colonel Mackenzie.
- He's in there.- Two minutes!
- Let me through!Hey. Hey!- Let me through!
- What the hell do you think you're doing?I have to get through!I have to see
Colonel Mackenzie.- What are you doing?
- I have to stop this attack.Colonel, we've seen flares.The men on the left flank have
made it to the German line.- Colonel! Colonel!
- Hold him. Hold him.Listen to me. Listen to me.
I have a letter.I need to see
Colonel Mackenzie!There's no bloody way
you're getting in there, mate.Sergeant, send the next wave.No!Second wave,
prepare yourselves!- Colonel Mackenzie!
- Concentrate everything there.This attack is not to go ahead!You have been ordered to stop.
You have to stop.Who the hell are you?Lance Corporal Schofield,
sir, 8th.I have orders from
General Erinmoreto call off this attack.You're too late,
Lance Corporal.Sir, these orders
are from army command.You have to read them.Shall we hold back
the second wave, sir?No, Major.
Hesitate now, and we lose.Victory's only 500 yards away.Sir, please read the letter.I have heard it all before.I'm not going to wait
until dusk or for fog.I'm not calling back my menonly to send them
out there again tomorrow,not when we've got
the bastards on the run.This is their last stand.The Germans planned this, sir.They've been planning it
for months.They want you to attack.Read the letter.- Major?
- Yes, sir?- Stand them down.
- Yes, sir.Call up the
orderlies. Tend the wounded.Hold the line
in case they counter.Yes, sir.Stand down! Stand down!Stand down!- Cease fire! Cease fire!
- Stand down!I hoped today might be
a good day.Hope is a dangerous thing.That's it for now,
and then next week,command will send
a different message."Attack at dawn."There is only one way
this war ends.Last man standing.Have someone
see to your wounds.Now fuck off, Lance Corporal.Bearers!Stretcher bearers!Bearers!Stretcher bearers!Well done, lad.Thank you, sir.Do you know where
Lieutenant Blake is, sir?Blake?There were two of us.I was sent here
with his brother.Ah.Well, knowing Lieutenant Blake,he would have gone over
with his men.He was in the first wave.How could I find him, sir?You can try
the casualty clearing stationbehind the line.Otherwise...Thank you, sir.Major Hepburn, sir.- Keep moving. Keep moving.
- Nearly there.Ow!Will I make it?Will I make it?- Go the fuck up.
- Clear the way.Come on, quickly.Get a medic!Medic! Medic!Just keep moving.Keep moving, keep moving.That's it.Sergeant, I have to find
Lieutenant Blake.- Do you know where he is?
- No.Make way for the stretchers!Minor injuries
to the far field.Stretchers to me.Walking wounded
to the collection area.Move aside to let
the stretcher bearers through.- Move it.
- Clear the way.Sir, is Lieutenant Blake here?No idea.Move along, Corporal.If you can walk,
move to the triage area.I can't move.Help me.Let me go home.Lieutenant Blake!I need an M.O. over here.Sir, he's out.Get him out of here, now.Out of the bloody way.Blake?!Out of the way!Has anyone seen
Lieutenant Blake?!He's hemorrhaging.
Go quickly.He needs a surgeon.I want to be left here.Tourniquet!- Don't look. It's okay.
- Amputation.Straight to surgery.My leg! My leg.I need some help here, quickly!He's gone.I can't die.Don't let me fucking die.- I need something now!
- I need my mum.Coming through.All right, come on, boys.He's taken one in the leg.- He's lost a lot of blood.
- Sir.Lieutenant Blake?Yes?Do you need medical assistance?No, sir.I'm from the 8th.What the hell
are you doing here?I was sent here
to deliver a message.The 8th?You must know my brother.I was sent here with him.Tom's here? Where is he?It was very quick.I'm sorry.What's your name?Schofield, sir.I'm sorry, what?It's Schofield, sir.William Schofield.Will.Well, you need some food.Get yourself to the mess tent.If I may, I'd like
to write to your mother.Tell her that Tom wasn't alone.Of course.He was...He was a good man.Always telling funny stories.He saved my life.I am glad you were with him.Thank you, Will.