Hey, hey, watch out, watch out.Welcome my friend!Great to see you! Glad you made itThis can't be Ajit.He's a little man already. Unbelievable.I hope you're hungry, Adrian.I'm famished. How are you, Aparna?I made that fish curry you love.I can't wait.She gets more beautiful every time I see her, why is that?Strange, isn't it?But her fish curry is still awful.You were mysterious on the phone.Why didn't you attend the conference?I will show you, Adrian, sir.Satnam. Stop sir-ing me.How deep do we need to go?11000 feet.Searched all over India for this dig.Used to be the deepest copper mine in the world.Remember my brother Gurdeep?He's a student now.Namaste, Dr Helmsley, sir.Adrian. It's just Adrian.It's so hot, ice's so littleJust don't pour too much, okay?How do you work in this heat?You've come on a good day, my friend.Ssometimes it can be 120 degrees.I want you to meet Dr Lokesh?Fellow of quantum physics at the university in ChennaiNamaste Dr Helmsley.So, what are we looking at?These neutrinos are acting normally. No mass, no electrical charge.They pass through ordinary matter almost undisturbed.Your message said thatThe count doubled after the last solar eruptions.That was last week.But this happened two days ago.The biggest solar eruptions in human history.Causing the highest neutrino count we've ever recorded.My God.That's not what worries me, Adrian.For the first time ever the neutrinos are causing a physical reaction.That's impossible.That feels very good!Please, follow me.You won't believe this.This water tank goes down another 6000 feet.It looks like the neutrinos coming from the sunHave mutated into a new kind of nuclear particle.They're heating up the earth's core.And suddenly act like microwaves.Ladies and gentlemen.As promised, no speech!Just a "thank you".Tonight, with your extraordinary generosity,We have raised 1.7 million dollars.It's okay.I work for the White House.I don't care who you are, sir, this is a black tie event.Scotty!Hey, Adrian, I thought you were in India. What's going on?I need your jacket. What?I gotta speak to Anheuser. I don't wanna giveGive me your damn jacket!Please.Okay.Here, here. Take it, please.Easy! That's a 600 dollar jacket.Mr Anheuser?Mr Anheuser?I need to talk to you.Do I know you?Sorry sir,My name is Dr Adrian Helmsley.I'm a deputy geologist at the office of science and technology policy.Excuse me, fellows.You know that this is a fund-raiser,Not a frat party, right?It's extremely important, sir.You know what, It always is.Here is what I want you to do. Make an appointment or even better,Have your boss bring it up at the Quarterly science briefing, okay?There's a good plan.I just traveled 20 straight hours to get here, sir.I haven't slept in two days. You need to read this, sir.You need to read it now!Let me guess. National geology crisis?Excuse me.Who do you report to?Lico Vasos Not anymore.Al, bring the car around.You may wish you took a shower.Sir?You're about to meet the president.What's going on?Get that to the office.Good morning.I would like to meet privately with my fellow heads of state.Mr Macaraca wishes to have his interpreters present.Mr President,I can assure you,Your English is more than sufficient for what I have to say.Mr President,Six months ago,I was made aware of a situation so devastatingThat at first I refused to believe it.However, through the concerted efforts of our brightest scientists,We have confirmed its validity.The world as we know it will soon come to an end.This dam projectWill create many new jobs.The party and country will assist in your re-location.Grandma, give me your hand.But where are they taking us?It'll be alright.Brother!Grandma, I will send you money.Who can write?Who can read?Who can weld?Has his highness had an opportunity to study the dossier?You must understand I have a big family, MrIsaacs.One billion dollars is a lot of money.I'm afraid the amount is in Euros, your highness.I put a lot of faith into your organization.It's a perfect replica, Roland.There are too many fanatics out there that could damage her.Just think about the beautiful buddha statues they blew up in Afghanistan.Our heritage organization has already made selectionsFrom the British museum and hermitage.I guess she'll be safe now, tucked away.Hidden, in some bunker in Switzerland.Perfectly safe, Roland.Only infrared analysis can reveal the difference.But it's still a fake.This mass suicide was actually discovered by a documentary crew hereIn the ancient Mayan city of Takal.Now the victims, and we've seen many,are said to have adhered to the Mayan-quiche calender,Which predicts the end of time to occur on the 21st december of this year,Due to the suns destructive forces.Thank you, Mark.Strangely enough,Scientific records do support the factThat we are heading for the biggest solar climax in recorded history.Many people believe that the Mayan calender predictsThat there's supposed to be a galactic alignmentI'm a dead man. I'm a dead man. I'm a dead man.Hey, Kate, I'm practically on the freeway right now.Yes, I'm rolling towards you as we speak.Would you relax? I'll be there any second.You know it's a vacation and not a doctors appointment, right?It's supposed to be fun.You remember fun, don't you Kate?Do you remember where you were when it stopped being fun for you?Got it.Bug spray?Oh yeah, cause it's mosquito season in Yellowstone.I got a whole bunch. I gotta go, I'm in a bad reception area.Woah, man. Would you look at that? Sick.Merrill, I told you.We have to move back to Wisconsin.These little mini-quakes are really getting on my nerves, Randy.Come on, a little surface crack,You're not gonna be inconvenienced by that.Right, surface crack. I've got a plastic surgeon for that.No kidding. Thank God for those shake-proof coffee mugs.They show the true nature of us Californians.We'll not bow to these little inconvenient things like surface quakes.Repent! The end is near.&If you have a funny mini-quake story and want to share it.Call Lisa & Randy at 555Hi Daddy! Hi baby.How are you sweety? Good.Jackson. What is this?Please don't call me that.I'm your Dad.Come onTaking them camping in a limo?Okay, great. What happened to your temp job?Better hours, more time to write.What about sleeping, have you been doing that lately?I've said it a thousand times.No lipo on Fridays. It's too messy.Hold on.Morning Jackson. Hi.Nice ride. Thanks.Have a nice trip. Remember, watch out for the bears.Bye, Gordon Love you, honey.-Bye. Okay, so You tell him.Tell me what?She needs to put these on every night before she goes to sleep.Still?Yes. Your 7 year old daughter still wets her bed.Maybe that's something you should know.Love you Love you, Mom.You okay?They really were looking forward to spending some time with you. I know.So don't be on your computer all the time.Got it.Love you!So this time we'll hit Japan. So?Now you can visit your boy, Will.Afternoon, ladies!HelloAre you even listening to me?Unfortunately I am, Harry.I heard from Audrey you're a grandpa now.Would you mind keeping your nose out of my family?You're cramping my style, baby. There we are.So he married a Japanese girl, how's that the end of the world?Come on Tony, you should at least go see him.You see your boy?Not as much as I'd like. DC is a long way,But at least we talk. About what?Life. And how short it is.What the hell was that?Hello? Laura?Laura, can you hear me?Roland, is that you?Laura, they lied to us.I've arranged a press conference for tomorrow.I will tell everyone the truth about what is going on.What are you talking about?The art you collected is not in the Alps.Those tunnels are empty.I have proof!Laura, can you hear me?I'm losing you, Roland.Laura, can you hear me?I liked that song. We lost it.The west coast with all those surface cracks,I told myself, Charlie,Get your stupid ass to Yellowstone.I don't want to miss all the fun when it finally blows.Let me tell you,There's been government people flying in and out all morning.And trust me, they do not look happy.Always remember, folks It's weird.Can you believe he said that?What are the odds?We're not seeing the soil liquefaction we'd expect to fine.Or any evidence of fracture propagation within the tectonic plates.English, doctor.The seismic activity on the west coast is not caused by tectRegular earth quakes.And these surface cracks have nothing to do with shifting fault lines.Are you suggesting this could be the beginning of the Joline operation?Dr Helmsley is flying to Yellowstone this morningTo collect more data, sir.We've been following the scheduleYou established, Mr Helmsley.The most important schedule in the history of mankind.Now you're telling me we have to throw it out?Yes, sir.I was wrong.Do you know how many times I've heard those words in this office?Zero.Did you see this?I'm sorry Mr President. She insisted.It's all over the news.We are learning more about this deadly car explosion,The director of the French National Museum wasScheduled to hold a press conference at the Louvre this morning.Coincidentally,His death took place in the same Paris Tunnelwhere Princess Diana died in 1997.We are continuing to follow this storyLaura, I don't believe you've met Dr Helmsley.I just talked to him Dad, and he told meThe organization I work for is a sham.Why would he say that?You look just like your mother when you get upset.Did I ever tell you that? Every time I get upset.Daddy, a man was killed.Honey. Please sit down.Only a dozen people in this administrationknow what I'm about to tell you.Dad, what's going on?An unprecedented international endeavor is under way.At this point 46 nations are invested in this thing.Laura's a smart girl. She'll understand that thing in Paris..We're not involved in any of that, are we?"We"? Who the hell is "we"?What are you talking about?What we need to do is focus on this time line.So when do we let the country know?What do you mean? The people, sir.They need to know.Well of course they do. Listen.Your job is to figure out when this is all gonna fall apart.My job is to figure out how to retainSome type of government after it falls apart.Until then we don't have time for anything except those jobs. Okay?Call me when you have any news from Yellowstone.Yes, Sir.Cute girl, huh? Sir?The first daughter, I saw you looking at her.I wasn't looking at her Better move fast kid the end is near.Your chopper's ready.They're waiting on the south lawn.Daddy, where are we going?This special place I know,actually It's a place where your Mom and I used to hang out a lot.I don't want to know where you and Mom had sex.I'm not ready for that, Jackson.Stop calling me that, it's creeping me out.What's wrong with "Dad"?Daddy, look at this.That wasn't here before.What did I do?Go get your hat.Can't you see the signs?There used to be a lake here.Doesn't look much of a lake to me.I know. The whole damn thing's gone.Come on, let's check it out.Great.Subjects have now entered hot zone.What is that?It's the U.S. Army.All manner of government vehicle are converging on subjects.You're in a restricted area, sir.We need you and your family to come with us.Right. Okay, we're gonna go with these guys.That'll be fun, huh?This is wild. This is really wild.This is unbelievable. 2700'C at 40.000 feet?I know, it sounds completely implausible.Nonetheless, we're noticing an increase of almost 0.5%Per day? No.Per hour.Dr helmsley, we arrested some tourists in the hot zone.I'll take care of it.Let's get Satnam on the communications link.Try to cross reference the data.It's a national park, there's not supposed to be fences.What's going on here?We're geologists.You usually go digging with machine guns?Major, I'll take care of this, thank you.So what happened to the lake?Well that's what we're trying to find out.We think the entire area has become unstable.I think you should take your kids and leave, MrCurtis.You're not by any chance the Jackson Curtis who wrote "Farewell Atlantis"?The very same.It's actually dedicated to my Mom.I read a couple of your short stories in college.Your father is a very talented man Listen up.It's amazing. I'm reading your book.I'm around day 300, the shuttle has just lost communication with earth.You're one of the lucky few who bought it.I didn't buy it. No?My Dad gave it to me.Let me ask you something.Do you think those people would behave soSelflessly knowing that their own lives were at stake?I hope so.The critics said I was naive, an unabashed optimist,But what do they know, right?It was a great pleasure meeting you.Mayor, could you escort these good people to the camp grounds, please.This is yours.Thank you Yes, sir.Take care. Okay he was very nice.You're just saying that cause you like my book.Looks like that boy of yours is gonna be smarter than any of us.What's wrong?I sent Satnam the temperature readings.My colleagues in Argentina and Ontario have almost identical data.It's so hot here we've had to seal off the mine.Did you double check the numbers?I triple checked, my friend.I wish we were wrong, but we're not.The earth's crust is destabilizing.It's too early.Adrian. You have to begin the evacuation.My God.All our scientific advances,our fancy machines The Mayans saw this coming thousands of years ago.I thought we'd have more time.Okay.Okay, I want you to pack up your family.I'm gonna arrange an airlift from Delhi.Thank you my friend.And good luck.Ajit.We are going on a big ship.Wait. Wait, wait.Sorry. One question.What did the government guys say to you?They don't like us going over their fencesAnd that the whole area back there is unstable."Unstable"?They said "unstable"?That's funny.Let's go."Unstable"."Unstable".It's not just Yellowstone, sir.Temperatures are rising with incredible velocityin hot zones across the globe.Are you absolutely sure about this, Adrian?Because once we give these orders, there's no going back.I'm afraid there's no longer any doubt. Sir.We have to save what we can.And we have to move now!There's mosquitoes in here. Did anybody spray the tent?I'm gonna get that spray tomorrow.They just like you because your blood's so sweet.Dad, you said you wouldn't work on your book.What?I'm not, I'm doing something else.Okay.Did you really need all these hats?Where are your pull-ups? Sweetie.I have them on.Who gave you this? Mommy?No, Gordon gave it to me for my birthday.A cell phone is something we got to talk about as a family.What family?It hurts my feelings when you say stuff like that.Go away.Adults get hurt feelings too.No way.tell the truth.Thank you, Bill. What is your question?I wanted to know, where is all this gonna start?Well, something like this could only originate in Hollywood.They have the earth cracking under their asses already.Our family believes in the Gospel of the Lord Jesus.We have nothing to fear, Charlie.Good for you, Bill. Thanks for calling.This is Charlie Frost reporting live from Yellowstone National Park,Soon to become the worlds largest active volcano.I'll be right back, folks.Do you mind if I join you?I wanted to ask you something.I only got a minute.Hi, Pickle?I was listening to the broadcastand I was wondering what exactly is it that's gonna start in Hollywood?It's the apocalypse. End of days.The judgment day. The end of the world, my friend.Christians call it the rapture, but the Mayans knew about it,the hopis,The I Ching, the Bible.Beer? Yeah.So look, I gotta eat.Why don't you download my blog?It's free. Of course, we do appreciate donations.In ancient times,The Mayan people were the first civilization to discover thatThis planet had an expiration date.According to their calender, in the year 2012 a cataclysmic event will unfold,Caused by an alignment of the planets in our solar systemThat only happens every 640.000 years.Oh, not again.Neat, huh? I did all the animation myself.Just imagine the earth as an orangeYou lure them in with humor.Then you make them think.Our sun will begin to emit such extreme amounts of radiationScrew you bastards, they are call nutrino.That the core of the earth will melt at the inside part of the orange.Leaving the crust of our planet free to shift.In 1958 Professor Charles "earth crust displacement"Albert Einstein did support it.People will get it allThe forces of mother nature will be so devastating itWill bring an end to this world on winter solstice12-21-12.Always remember, folks.You heard it first from Charlie Frost.You'd have to keep a thing like this under wraps.Just think about it.Okay?First, the stock market would go.Then the economy boom!The dollar boom!And then pandemonium in the street.War, genocide. Boom boom boom!Bullshit. Nobody could keep that big a secret, Charlie.Somebody would blow the whistle an every once in a whileSome poor sucker tries.Like these guys. Boom! Boom!Every one of these dead! Dead! Dead!Woah, that's Professor Meyers.He ran the Atlantis shuttle program.Did you know him?Yeah, he helped me out with research on my book.Well, that must have been before his accident.Meyers is dead? Yeah, two months ago.He was one of my most avid listeners.He had it all figured out.Everything the government was doing, where, why.He even sent me a map.A map for what, Charlie? What's the map for?They're building space ships, man.Shit, man, I have to go. I gotta get back to earth.But do you have a beer? ***This is my last.Alright, I really enjoyed most of this.Thank you so much.Guess what, they're selling seats!Put me down for three.No! Guys like you and me don't have any chance.You'd have to be Bill Gates or Rupert Murdoch or some Russian billionaire.Keep it down, my kids are sleeping.Get them out of yellowstone. It's gonna get ugly here.Why don't we make a baby?We're not making a baby at the supermarket.Hands off the merchandise.Honey, woman give me thousands of dollarsTo handle their boobs.You get it for free.You always act strange after he shows up.I'm not acting strange, I'm looking for macaroni.So why did you stick with him so long anyways?Can we just give it a rest, please?He's the father of my children.Oh, come on, Kate.You gave up med school so you could have Noah.You practically raised him and Lilly by yourselfWhile he sat glued to a laptop writing that junk.It's not junk! He's published.Oh, published. Right, I forgot.422 copies.Did you see that?See what?Kate, listen, we have to keep working at this.Our relationship.I meanI don't know, honey.I just feel like there's something pulling us apart.Grab the pole! Kate, don't let go!Do you have anything for mosquito bites?Before or after?I'll get before and after.Stop scratching or you're gonna get it all infected.and I had to make a quick stop at the grocery storeLook, it's Mrs.Birnbaum, she's my teacher.She's on TV!Right here I'm in the Marketwhich was open for business at the timeBut fortunately there are no fatalities or injuries reported.It really is a miracle that no one got hurt.Hello? Hi Mom.Did you see what happened to our supermarket?She wants us to come home.Is this even possible?We worked every option through the night.The good news consensus is that4 of the arks will be operational in time.Only 4? You call that good news?We can save over 400,000 people.To me, sir, that's nothing short of a miracle.But we have to initiate the boarding process now.Thomas. We don't have a choice.You have got to convince them.According to the latest informationPlease continue, Adrian. Thank you, sir.The temperature of the subterranean crust,That is the cement that holds our landmass in place,Is increasing at a rapid rate much faster than anticipated.As a result we've observed extreme polar instability,The magnetic fields have decreased by more than 80% in the last 48 hours.How much time do we have, Dr. Helmsley?Two, maybe three days, if we're lucky.How can you speak about luck in such a situation?Apologies, Mr. Prime Minister.I meant no disrespect.I'm afraid the longer we wait, the more luck plays its part.My friends.I recommend we evacuate immediately.If any of you have objections, please speak now.In the blue corner, 38 victories, 34 knockouts,The fighting machine from the UkraineThe undefeated number one ranked heavy weight challengerMr. Zultan Balashin!Yuri! Zultan!I feared you would not come.He needs to concentrate now. Mr. Karpov.You shut up while I talk to my boy, understand?Yes, Mr. Karpov.Good. That is good.Zultan, listen to me.We are fighters, we never go down.No matter how hard they hit us.Kill the bastard.Ladies and gentlemen,Let's get ready to rumble!Yuri, where are you going?Yuri!Caltech believes that the fissures running through WestwoodHas released most of the surface tension.Life in the city will soon return to normal, Mayor Gonzales saidOkay guys. Almost home.Rise and shine.Alright, you're free.Mommy!Hi, sweetheart.Gordon!Hey, buddy boy.Had a good time? yeah?God, I missed you.Who wants pancakes? Come on. Me!Thanks for bringing them home early.Yeah.Pancakes?Late for work.Yes, hello? Curtis, where are you?Just back from vacation, sir. Good. That is good.I will send a jet to pick up Alec and Oleg.Yuri bear. Tell him to bring the rain coat for Caesar.It's in the Range Rover.Curtis? Yeah. Get my boys as fast as you can.I'm hurling towards you as we speak, sir.Good. That is good.Curtis, you're late. Good morning to you too.Be careful with our stuff.Don't get your dirt on it. Idiot.Took you a while, Mr. Curtis.What's your problem? Be more careful.He did that on purpose.Have a safe trip, you little bastards.Now you're laughing, Curtis.But we have tickets to go on a big ship.We will live, and you will die.Did you hear that? The authorities in L.A.Say there's nothing to worry about.I'd love to see their dark facesWhen Malibu and Beverly Hills sink down into the Pacific.Where will they plug in their electric cars then?Is this your plane? Yeah Are you a pilot?Yeah. I want to rent it, okay?I'll give anything you want.Here, take this very expensive watch.My neighbor gave it to me when he thought I was gonna be somebody.Caltech,That in the last 36 hours we have basically zeroEarthquake activity in southern California, which is very rare.Unlike the tough characters I have portrayed in my filmsHello?Kate. Stop what you're doing. Jackson?Listen to me.I've rented a plane, pack up the kids,I'm gonna be there in 5 minutes.What are you talking about?We're gonna have a regular Saturday.Noah has music at 2:00 and Lilly has karate.You expect him to remember?Kate, California is going down.Pack up the kids now! They just got back.God, you sound like a crazy person.The governor just said we're fine now.The guy's an actor, he's reading a script!When they tell you not to panic that's when you run!Will you call me back when you calm down?Mommy, why are you acting so crazy?Finish your pancakes, Al Capone.It seems to me that the worst is over.Hold Mommy's hands!Let's go! Let's go! I think it's safer under here!Get in the fucking car!Righ now!Let's go! Let's go! Let's let's go!Come on, kids!Move, quick, qiuck!Get in. Get in.My hats!Buckle up!Lilly!Sorry.Jackson. Hurry up! Look behind you!Oh God.Get out of the way! Move it!Hold on, dear.Come on, you old bags!Tree, tree!God! Damn!Oh! My God!GeeWe gotta get to Santa Monica Airport.Take the freeway. It'll be half the time.Yeah, right.We gotta get to the other side of the freeway.Daddy!Dad, look! Come on!Dad, back off.They've just been upgraded to a 10.9 by Harvard.What does Caltech have to say?The city of Pasadena was wiped out.Just a few minutes ago.This is coming in liveFrom Coachella Valley near Joshua Tree.That huge canyon, it was there this morning.And 100 miles further north, for the west, same thing.The San Andreas fault is shifting.Yes.And all major Sister Faults in the bay area.The whole Pacific Plate is destabilizing.Come on!Who's that? Our pilot.Dead pilot!Gordon! Gordon! You can fly!I've only had a couple of lessons in a single engine plane only.You're the guy! No, I'm not the guy!Trust me! You're the guy.I'm not being modest about this!Come on, kids.Gordon's gonna get us out of here.That plane has multiple engines.Jackson!T's and P's TNP?What?Temperatures and Pressures Let's go!My preflight check.Let him concentrate, Jackson. He has no experience.Thank you.Gordon! Go!Gordon! Go! Go! Go! Go!We're not there yet.Punch it! We need 85 knots.80 is good! Let's do it.Okay,okay, we're up.Higher, higher!Lilly, go sit with your brother.I don't understand how did you know this would happen?It's not just California.The whole damn world is going to shit.I met this crazy guy in YellowstoneBut he's been right about everything so farHe said the Government is building these ships,Space ships, I don't know what,But something Space ships?Yeah. Places where we could be safe.He knows where they are. He's got a map.JacksonKate, trust me on this,okay, Guys. Look.But it ain't the end of the world, buddy.It's only the end of this song.But it ain't the end of the world, buddy.It's only the end of this song.It's been a gas, been a flip, been a hell of a trip,But it ain't the end of the world.Thank you. Thank you. You got fans, Tony.There's a call for you, Harry. Want me to take a message?No, thats alright.Yeah, hello?Dad? Adrian!Remember I told you about that dam in China?Yeah. It's happening, Dad.They'd probably shoot me if they knew I told you.Nobody's gonna shoot you, son.They need you.The president has ordered us to clear out the White House.About time somebody cleaned up that mess.Where are you, Dad?What exactly is the course of the Genesis right now?It's all good, Adrian.Don't you be worrying about your old man.You have more important things to do now.You know IYour Mom and I, WeWe had one hell of a great life, son.And the best part about thatWe had one hell of a great kid, too.Look at here,This Genesis is a pretty big ship, son.Don't you write your old man off just yet.BesidesYou know I couldn't leave Tony alone.That old fool can't keep decent time by himself.I love you, Dad.I love you too, son. God knows I do.Herb, I want a double.Harry I need a double right now.Thank you, son.After 25 year I know, Wagon.Are you out of your mind?What are you doing? Gotta go.That's against regulation!Careful carefulAnything?Yeah, there's fuel. Fill her up.I'm gonna to find Charlie.Daddy, wait, I wanna come with you!No! Lil, no!It's alright, I'll take her.Just fill it up. I'll be right back.Jackson, hurry please!I'm standing here at the highest point of what is theRim of the worlds largest super volcano, mount big horn.Charlie!I can only hope that all of you have made your peace Chalie.I can only hope that all of you have made your peaceIt's gotta be around here somewhere.Let's go back, Daddy.No no no we gotta find Charlie, cause he's got a map.It's like a secret map. Like in pirate movies.We gotta work as a team, okay?Okay Okay, come on.Call Mom. Tell her we're gonna be 5 minutes late.Hello. I need to talk to Mom.It's Lilly. Sweety, where are you?Hi Mommy Let me speak to DaddyHe can't talk right now. He's driving really fast.Ouch!Lilly?Who is that? Who's speaking in the car?He's not in the car, he's on a mountain waiting for fireworks.Fireworks? What fireworks?Daddy, over there.Good job, Lilly.Let me talk to Mom now.Hey! We got him. Bring back my child now!You stay here.I will go talk to the pirate, okay? Okay.Charlie!Charlie!What are you doing? I thought you were toast.No no no! Where are the space ships?No way you can make it there.We have a plane. You can come with us.But we gotta leave right now!Fly birdies!Is this your kid?Where's the God damn map? Where is it?Where's the map?It's in the camper. Where in the camper?Map section. On the conspiracy shelf.Dewey decimal system.Between Roswell And Marilyn Monroe?It's starting.You sure you don't wanna come with me?So beautiful, I'm gonna stay.Good luck.This marks the last day of the United States of Americafinal hour of all mankind.As we will be visible from the milky way as a tiny little puff of smoke.I'm watching the earth crumble before my eyes.The giant ash cloud created by this super volcanoWill first envelop Vegas, and then St. LouisAnd then Chicago, and then at long last, Washington D.C.Will have its lights go out.That guy is crazy, right Daddy?Don't think so.This is ridiculous.It's been over half an hour.The guy is a nut job. Stop it.Noah, give me the phone again.Daddy. What was that?Nothing. Nothing.I have goosebumps, people!I wish you could see what I'm seeing, people.I wish you could be here with me!Oh, baby!Bring it on!You heard it first from Charlie!Daddy, it's following us!Get down on the ground and hold on.Don't look back. Just look at me.Do I look scared? Uhum.Hold on baby. Hold on tight.Daddy, we're on fire!There they are!It's them. It's them!Mommy!Shit.Oh, DadyHang on baby. Hang on.Lil, grab my hand. Come on, Noah.Lilly, you okay?Everybody on? Ready? Jackson!Where is he? What's he doing?No!Daddy! No!Hey. We have to go.No, we're not going anywhere!Kids, buckle up. We're leaving.He's my Dad. We're gonna wait!No!Daddy!Wait! Wait. Roland, I see something.Dad!It's Daddy!Slow down!Jackson, Reach for my hand!Jackson! Dad!We're running out of runway.For God's sakes, Kate, pull him up.Reach for my hand!Daddy! Come on!Daddy!Right. Here we go!Faster. Faster.Hang onOkay. We're good. We're good.So, now you got your map, where are we going?ChinaWe're gonna need a bigger plane.You just said that, Mom. You just said that.You don't remember that you just said that?That's okay.Listen, Mom. I'll call you next week, same time.Okay? Take care now. Take care of yourself.Sir. I think you need to see this.I thought they'd give you an extra ticket, sir.They did.But my mother is almost 89. She's in a wheelchair.And she is easily confused.And I am confident that she'll want to meet her maker on her own terms.Okay? Yes, sir.Who are you bringing? Nobody.My ex-wife said she never wanted to see me again.So be it.We could bring people that contribute.has been damaged by a series of major earthquakes.The death toll is expected to be well over 2 million people.The devastation in Rio De Janeiro is beyond imagination.Two 8.5 tremors have left the people in the street fighting for resources.In the last hour we received this video from Globo News, Brazil.What's happening? My God!The statue of Christ is collapsing!Fear and chaos have spread throughout the globe.As in London, where the 30th Olympic games has been suspended.Hundreds of thousands are marching towards to Downing StreetDemanding a lift of the informationBlackout proposed by the Prime Minister.Thousands of calls to the switchboard. We had to shut it down.We're receiving reports from all across the globe.Millions of distraught masses are gathering in public places everywhere,Converging in desperate prayer.Preachers of many faiths have taken their message ofThe end of the world to the streets all over the U.S.Repent. There is still time.Kind of calling when you realize the nightmareWith the cardboard signs had it right the whole time.All these people out there, sir.Shouldn't we be issuing warnings now?Only when the boarding process is complete.That's the plan.Which recall me 2010, remember?Sir, those plans were drawn up 2 years ago.Okay, everybody out. Come on, get out.Wasn't it also decided that people have the rightTo fight for their lives, best way they can?After we get everyone on board, Adrian.I think that's wrong.Want to tell everyone they're doomed?There'd be anarchy.You want to jeopardize the departure of the president? Come onOur mission is to assure the continuity of our species.My question£¬can I count on you?Can I?What?The Yellowstone caldera has erupted, sir.The ash cloud will reach Washington in 7 hours.We've to get the president on board.Where is the president, Sally?Said he wanted to spend some time alone.I think he's at the chapel. He's going to church now?He's praying, sir. Which in this circumstance is not such a bad idea.Mr. President. I need to get you on Air Force One immediately.Give me a moment with Adrian.No disrespect sir, we do not have time.Make time.Did you ever meet my wife Dorothy?No sir, I never had that honor.She was in and out towards the end. The night before she passed on,She took my hands and told me "I think you should have a monastery""Everyone should have a chance to go"Maybe that's what we should have done.I'll be the last president of the United States of America.Do you know how that feels, son?No one could have saved the country, sir.And I think, I think people have a right to know.Don't worry, I'll take care of that.Go on now.Not without you, sir.Get on that plane, son.It's a great new world you head into andA young scientist will be worth 20 old politicians.We should go to my parents house in the Rockies.This isn't one of your crazy stories, now. Right, Jackson?How the hell are we going to make it to China?Hey, Gordon without Jackson.We wouldn't have made it out of California.Noah, please.Be careful with the landing gear!Easy Gringo, I know what I'm doing.Attention!The national guard has informed us that an extremelyHazardous ash cloud is headed for the city of Las Vegas.Where are you going?Move! You can't stay here.I have a plane here. It's not safe.So you got positive confirmation on this?Thank you, I understand.The president is not coming.So, the captain won't abandon his sinking ship.That's his choice, and a noble one.I have also just learned that the vice president's Chopperwent down in the ash cloud outside Pittsburgh.Fortunately, we have protocols to follow.What about the speaker of the House?In this chaos, I have no idea. Where is he?He's the commander in chief now, sir.I don't know what to tell youThis is one flight he shouldn't be late for.Tell the captain we're taking off.Sir, you don't have the authority.Who got the authority? You? You got the authority?You couldn't even keep your damn mouth shut.You betrayed top secret information last year.What the hell are you talking about?You told your father everything, put this entire plan in jeopardy,Good thing for you the old man could keep his mouth shut better than you.Come on! Don't look so shocked.We had to monitor everybody who knew,How do you think we kept it a secret for so long?So you just killed anybody who tried to talk?Anybody who tried to talk was not just an enemy of the state.They were an enemy of humanity.The director of the Louvre was an enemy of humanity?After he called a press conference he was.Jesus, what did you think?We're all just gonna get on board, hold hands and sing Kumbaya?Sit down and buckle up.Excuse me, is my father in the command center?President is on the line, Dr Wilson.Thank you.Where are you?You never would've gotten on that plane if I told you.But you said that you'd be here Darling, listen to me.Do you understand how much strength it gives meknowing that you will survive?The only thing left to do now, is tell the truth to people.At least if they know, families can say goodbye to each other.A mother can comfort her children.And a fatherCan ask his daughter for forgiveness.Whenever you're ready, Mr President.My fellow Americans this will be the last time I address you.As you know, catastrophe has struck our nation.Has struck the world.I wish I could tell you we could prevent the coming destruction.We cannot.Today, none of us are strangers.Today, we are one family, stepping into the darkness together.We are a nation of many religions,But I believe these words reflect the spirit"The Lord is my shepard."I shallPeople! Get away from the doors and windows.What are we gonna do? You tell me.Dr Silberman? Tamara!What are you doing here?She's a patient, honey.Excuse me, I have a private plane out there.Karpov! Yuri!You knew. This whole time you knew.You've got a way out of here, right? You got a plane?My family, take us with you. Please!Boss, Boss.I found us a plane. An Antonov.They were just about to take off, but the tower didn't let them.Can you still fly that thing?Sure, Boss, but I need co-pilot.Gordon's a pilot.No, I'm not.Yes he is. great pilot. Let's go.Good. Let's go!Jackson, stop saying I'm a pilot.You can't go out there. Come back!Move back, People!Wow, that's a big plane.It's Russian.Let's move everybody. Come on!Gordon, where are you? Let's go!Up here, Gordon. Hurry up!Oh my God.***Woah, Look at these. Las Vegas auto show.We had VIP tickets for this.That's fantastic, Let's go.Check the main bus for hydraulics, I'll balance the tanks.What?Okay, okay. I'm trying.Tower to Antonov, what the hell are you doing?Shut down immediately.Caesar, shh.When I say "go"We push all this down at once, okay?Okay. Go!Antonov, abort take-off. You do not have clearance.I repeat, you must abort.What the hell was that?I don't know, but it's not good.Push! Pushing! Come on!We're going down!It must be thetake over.Take over, What do you mean, take over?Sasha! Relax.Now!God, God, Jesus.Oh, GodSasha, now! Take a deep breath.Pull!Come up, babyWas that the Eiffel Tower?I think so.Ladies and gentlemen. We're on our way to China.Good. Very good.Do not believe in something simply because you have heard it, Nima.But Great Lama. Tenzin is my brother.He works inside the big tunnel, where the ships are built.But what is there in your wisdom, Great Lama, if Tenzin is right?What if our world is indeed coming to and end?It is full, Great Rinpoche.Like this cup, you are full of opinions and speculations.To see the light of wisdom, you first must empty your cup.Be careful with the clutchIt tends to slip.Grandma Grandpa, Nima is here!Grandma, I got a message from TenzinHe want us to meet him in Cho Ming at the work camp.He says he can get us onto the ships he's working on.What are you talking about?Tenzin works on the dam.Grandmathe dam is a ship. The government lied to us.There will be a big flood!We must pack up right away.Nima? Who gave you a truck? GrandpaWe took a trip on the liam song ferry once grandpa threw up the whole way.Let's eat first.Hey, Look, the new Bentley! Our father had one on order.He was supposed to get it next year.But then he canceled it. Because of the ships.How many cars does your family have?My Mom's boyfriend has a Porsche.Our parents are divorced too.Yeah, but there is nothing that we can do about that.Found a hat.She has a thing for hats.I was just like that at her age.They made me feel safe.So, how did you meet Dr Silberman?As you can see not the same way you did.My boyfriend asked me to get them done. But he's not your husband?Oh, no, We are not married.And probably never will be.For the boys.They seem to like each other.Yeah, I guess.Tell me, Mr Karpov, how much did you pay?One billion Euro. Per seat.That's disgusting Oh yeah?You know, Curtis, I wasn't always a businessman.I am a boxer.Was my only playing when I was boy back in Murmansk.And my coach, his name was also Yuri.He always say "If someone wants to beat you""he has to kill you first"That's very nice.yeah. But tell me, what would you have done if you were rich like me?Look, they are wonderful children.Ok guys. The plan is to refill in Hawaii, so sit down and buckle up.Gordon and I will do the rest.Oh God.Go get the guys.Guys, there's ayou might wannaWhat is that? The state of Hawaii.Not good. That is not good.How much fuel do we have left?Not enough.We have to make a water landing somewhere in south China sea.Great, at least we won't need a landing gear.What about it? We lost it all, in Vegas.Dr Wilson, may I come in?I'm not very good company, I'm afraid.Doctor Please, call me Adrian.All those people we left behind.They don't stand a chance, do they?I believe that nature will choose for itself, from itself,What will survive.Just like you, preserving those great artworks.Our culture is our soul, and that's not dying tonight.Come on, I contributed to this cover up.The Da Vinci, Picasso, they're in.But if you're some nobody you don't stand a chance.It's not necessarily true.Did you ever hear of a writer called Jackson Curtis?Wrote a book, "Farewell Atlantis".What do you think the chances are of an unknown writerWho barely sold 500 copies making it aboard this plane?I don't understand I mean call it chance or faith or nature,Doesn't matter this book is part of our legacy now. Why?Because I'm reading it.Dr Helmsley, please report to the situation room.Who is it?Hello, I'm sorry. Who is this?This is Yoko Delgado.Do you want to speak to my Daddy?Yes, please.Who should I say is calling?Tell him, its his father. You're my grandpa?Yes, sweetheart, I am.Daddy, grandpa is on the phone.Mr President, Sir.What's the matter, sweety? She can't find her Daddy.Why don't you two get comfy on that couch?Sally, come hereI'll find your Daddy.Who can help me with missing persons?Sorry, man, I'm really busy right now.I mean of course, sir. Sorry, Mr President.Don't worry about it, you're doing a great job, son.What's happening? The capital has been hit by a 9.4Lost communication with the White House, sir.Where is it centered? North Chesapeake bay.Mr Anheuser, Russian president on the line, sir.Excuse me.We just entered Chinese air space.That's affirmative, Mr President.Until communication is restored, I suppose I am in command.It appears that all other heads of state are en route,With the exception of the Italian Prime Minister,Who has also decided to stay behind and trust in prayer.Earths crust has begun to shift, Dr Helmsley!By what degree? 1.2 degree. Still moving.So, what happens next?The movement of our land masses comes to a halt.Let's see a simulation.Expect the formation of gigantic tsunamis.Proportional to the magnitude of corresponding quakes.Pull up the Japanese sea border.Yes, sir.My Dad's on a cruise ship out there.But I guess you already knew that.Sir, we've recorded two underwater quakesAt 7.9 and 8.2.From what we have just learned,Tokyo seems to have taken the full force of the earthquake.At this point unconfirmed reports Indicate thatLarge areas of land are under water.Please stay tuned for furtherTony I called.I was too late.Maybe they got out of town.You never know.I'm coming home, Dorothy.Anything?Nothing but static.Not even an emergency signal.Can't think about what's going on down there.Remember that old beetle we used to camp in?But you'd never get the roof up.We definitely traded up.I tried to find our old spot at Yellowstone.When I went camping with the kids, butI couldn't find it.Do you think people change?By people, do you mean me?Yes.Do you think you've changed since we separated?I seem to eat a lot more cereal now.You always had tunnel vision.You could just block everything out and write.You blocked us out.Do you love him?I love him enough.All global ground communication is ceased, sir.The only signals our satellites are picking up from Cho Ming.Well there's a piece of good news.Any updates, Doctor?We expect the tsunamis to reach land fall on every continent.The Cho Ming area will be impacted in approximately 6 hours.It looks like the crust have shiftedBy almost 23 degrees to the southwest.The data also shows the earth's poles have reversed their magnetic fields.These are their new positions.see here?***You're telling me that the north pole is now somewhere in Wisconsin?Actually, thats the south pole now.Engine failure. 2 of 6 are down.You must get ready.How long do we have? 18 minutes. Maybe.Better wake up the kids.Why do you hate Gordon?Hey. Come on.What are you talking about? I don't hate him.You don't like him either. That's because I don't know him well, maybe.But I do.He's really nice once you get to know him.You should talk to him more often.You guys would get along really well.You like him a lot, huh?I'll do my best. I promise. Ok?I'm really proud of you. Really proud of you.Is it time? YeahDad, what's wrong?Sasha's gotta land. It's gonna be a little bumpy.Maybe a little wet.Daddy?Hold her steady.Daddy, I'm not a really good swimmer.Hey, that's alright. It's what you got this for.It's like being in a swimming pool.Only it's got more cool stuff. It's got a whistle, a light.I thought we were going to China.No, we gotta land here.So that's what we're gonna do.We're just gonna all stay together. Right?No we're not, we're gonna die!No, we're not.Promise?I promise you, we'll all stay together, no matter what happens.Jackson,Yuri.I think you better come up hereHold on, hold on. I'm gonna go check this out.Dad, Dad! I'll be right back.We gotta buckle up. Let's go.Don't ask me how that happened. There is no more ocean,And we're pretty close to where we wanted to go.It's like the whole world shifted by 1000 miles.1578 to be exact.It's called "Earth crust displacement theory"Professor Hapgood 1958.Way to go, Charlie.What was that?We just lost our last two engines.I'll shoot for that glacier.It's going to get rocky.Listen, it's gonna sound crazy, but here's what you have to do.Get up! Follow me!Yuri, what are you doing?We are taking the Bentley!Not yet! Not yet.Almost there.Get in the car.Okay, go now! Pull!No no no no noGo, Jackson.We gotta wait for Sasha and Gordon.Go! Make sure everybody gets off the plane before I touch down.What about you?I'll be fine. I have to touch this plane down.What are you waiting for? Go!There he is. I see him!Come on lets go.Where is Sasha?He said he's fine.We should get out of here before he touches down.No, don't go! We should wait for him No no no noGo Jackson, go.It won't start.Shut up everybody!Engine start.Voice control. Sold me on it.Welcome, to the People's Republic of China.Good to be here. Say hi, kids.What color are your passes? What?What color are your boarding passes?I have green cards.For my boys and me. What?Yuri? Yuri!Yuri. It's a mistake. A joke, eh?What? You think I didn't know about you and Sasha?May God bless that poor bastard's soul.I'm sorry guys. Good luck.Come on, boys.Maybe with money we could bribe them. I do, I do.You got a billion Euros?Dr Wilson.I'm captain Michaels, skipper of the American ship.Please accept my sincere condolences for your father.Thank you, captain.Mr. Anheuser. Your party is the last to arrive.There's been reports of severe damage, captain.What's the status of ark number 3?We haven't done a complete assessment yet.Looks like we lost it.No toothbrush. Only books.When I was a kid my Dad was on the road a lot.He'd always leave me a box full of books.Call me every night and cruise me.I'd get an ice cream cone for every book I read soI was a fat kid.I find that very hard to believe.No, its true, my high school careerWas 2000 books zero girlfriends.I didn't even kiss a boy until I was in college.They were all too scared of my dad.Leave it to the Chinese.I didn't think it was possible.Not in the time we had.That's ark number 3, sir.The roof collapsed during the shifting of the earth's crust.Jesus Christ.Boarding of arc 3 will be delayed due to technical difficulties.Hey, what's going on here?I have a green card for my boys and me.I want to speak to your supervisor.I am the supervisor.Get back with the other green cards, or I'll have you detained.What he said about you and Sasha, is it true?Sasha was worth a hundred times a man like Yuri.I should have listened to you, Dr. Silberman.I actually liked the way I looked beforeThat monster talked me into it.Did you know he asked me for a discount?He payed in installments.Cheap bastard.You hear that?Over there!Stop!Stop!Hi! Hi! Stop! Stop the carHow were all these people chosen?Same way your arc was.By experts from all over the world.We had geneticists determine the perfect gene poolWe need to repopulate.These people were chosen by geneticists?All green card holders please proceed to hangar D-4Looks to me like their check books got them on board.That's right, Dr. Wilson.Without billions of dollars from the private sectorThis entire operation would've been impossible.We sold tickets?What about all these workers?They all get passes?What? Life isn't fair?Is that it?If you want to donate your passes,To a couple of Chinese workers,You be my guest.Captain, I want a pre-launch briefing.All international teams present.What the hell?What is this? They could've fit 10 people in here.Satnam, where are you?On the Nampan Plateau. What?There's a tidal wave coming from the east.It's gigantic.Satnam, what happened?We never got picked up, Adrian.The airlift never came.Goodbye, my friend.Satnam, Satnam.Mary Where are we set up? Over there.Give me the satellite images from Nampan, India.Ok, right away.What's happening?Satnam was talking about another wave, coming from the east.Holy mother of God.So the flooding will hit earlier?The second wave is closer?Plug in the new data.Satnam didn't get picked up.What?A lot of people didn't get picked up in this chaos.This is not a conspiracy, Helmsley.Your predictions haven't exactly panned out, have they, doctor?It's ready.Oh God, its 1500 meters high.When will it get here?Talk to me, Hemsley, when will it hit?Adjust the countdown.28 minutes, 10 seconds to impact.My God.Captain.I need to speak to the other heads of state immediately.Right away.Taylor? Aye, captain standing by.Ark 6, stand by. Ark 7, stand by.This is Carl Anheuser Acting CIC on 4,Yes sirRequesting emergency conference T-99.He thinks the world of you, you know that?He's a great little man.Yeah!I always wanted to have a family of my own.You're a lucky man, Jackson.Don't ever forget it.Who are they?We found them alongside of the road.Send them back!I am a follower of our great lama Rinpoche.You know I cannot do that.You don't have to take all of us.Please just take my children.I'm begging you.Why should I do that?Same reason you sent for your family.Please just the children, you don't have to take us.Please!Please. Oh my God.Please. I don't know if you can understand what I'm saying.As a mother, I'm begging you.Please take them.Please.We are all children of the earth.My plan will not work for so many, grandma.We will take them all.Attention. All construction workers.They're opening the mountain.They are leaving without us.Get back. What did I tell you!They are leaving you behind too.Please be patientFollow me.Follow me.We have to hurry!They are leaving!Initiating security procedures.Excuse me. Where can I find Adrian Helmsley?He's on the bridge. This way.Tenzin wait!Grandma, we're almost there.Green lights on pressure, Mr. Anton?Green lights across the board, captain.Why do they have anchors?Because they're not space ships. They're arcs.Let's go.Mr president.You've got to see this.Stop.Stop.Stop.Engage the support mechanisms.Aye-aye, captain. Engaging supports.Just exactly how long are these things expected To hold us in place, Captain?They're just meant to withstand the first impact of the waves,Mr Anheuser.Down there Oleg, you go first.Caesar!Caesar!Caesar!Caesar! Caesar!Good boy. Come to Mommy.Caesar!Mommy, where's Tamara?Daddy look!Tamara!Oh my God, what's happening out there?Anheuser convinced the other Heads of state to launch.Mr. AnheuserWe have to stop this madness.Make sure the other bridges can see me.What do you think you're doing?I know exactly what I'm doing. Turn it onLadies and gentleman,This is Dr. Adrian HelmsleyChief science adviser to the late president Wilson.Could you please turn up the volume, Mr Hoffman.I know we've all been forced to makeDifficult decisions to save our human civilization.But to be human means to care for each other andCivilization means to work together to create a better life.If that's true,Then there's nothing human andNothing civilized about what we're doing here.Dr. Helmsley's passion is admirable,But I remind you thatwe have very Limited resources and extremely limited time.Ask yourselves,Can we really stand by and watch these people die?I read a quote two days ago.The author is probably by now.But he said that the moment we stop fighting with each other."That's the moment that we lose our humanity"And in order to save the human race,We have an obligation to stick to this planWhich every nation on this flotilla signed up for.They're in God's hands now.Officer, you turn that off.That is an order, sailor. Turn it off!Don't you dare touch that button, young man!Have you completely lost your mind?Look at the clock!We have barely 15 minutes left!Do you want to be responsible for the extinction of the human race?Can you handle that, Adrian?There's a young astrophysicist from Indiawho's the reason we are all here.Oh, for God's sake.He's the one who discovered it all.He connected all the dots,We all owe him our lives.I just learned that he was killed with His familyin a tsunami in eastern India.He was my friend.And he died in vain.Everybody out there has died in vain.If we start our future with an act of cruelty,What will you tell your children?If my father were here,He would open the gatesThe people of Russia along withChina and Japan agree to open the gates!The United Kingdom, Spain, FranceCanada and Germany,And I believe I may also speak for the Italy presidentThe we vote to let these people come in.Captain Michaels. PleaseThis is your captain.In a few moments, we will open the gates.Phew, it stinks.They are opening the gate.Come down! Noah. Move it!Noah! Noah! Noah!Mom, something happened.Hold on, hold on.Hold on, god damn it! Give me your hand!Give me your hand! Give me your hand!Reach for it! Help me!Gordon!Stop!Climb!What's wrong with the gate?Looks like it didn't run the full cycle.We're checking it out.Order, please!4 minutes to impactWe're all loaded, captain. Then let's lock it up. Now!Oleg! Grab my hand!Oleg!No, no, noNo!Something's jamming the hydraulics, Captain.Well then get it out for Christ sake.I can't fire up the engines until we get a good seal on that gate.Captain, we have a breach in the zoological bay.Can you zoom in?Yeah!I know those kids.What is happening? What's going on?Where did they come from?There. Through the hydraulic chamber.Captain, I think we found the problem!Who are these people? No, wait!He's injured.Something must've gone wrong.Something must've gone wrong?Are you kidding me? Of course something went wrong!Congratulations to the both of you.Might have gotten us all killed,But as long as your conscience is clean, right Helmsley?Captain, get an emergency team down thereI'll meet them at the hydraulics chamber.You know your way around here? Yeah. Let's go!1 minute to impact.Captain?Cho Ming airfield has been hit.Put me on emergency comm, Mr.Taylor.This is the captain speaking we expect to be impacted by water shortly.We need to go this way.All stations prepare for impact.Pressure just climbed 80 Pascal.Surface compression of valve sensors, Captain.Track Dr Helmsley.There.Out of the way! Excuse me.Tenzin. Almost there.Nima. What happened?Tamara!Will you take the kids please?Which way?We can't get there! Water is entering the stern.The rear of this ship is flooded and Will seal up one compartment at a time.Where's Gordon?No?We gotta go back!We have to go back!Mommy!Help! Mommy!Run!Lilly run!Go over, Lilly!Caesar! Lilly, take him!Mommy!Is there another way to the hydraulics chamber?Where does this ladder go?To the zoological pens Okay, let's go!Professor? It's Air Force One.The mid-ship anchor support is hit.Can you stabilize it?The bow anchor is giving in.Captain, the turbines aren't responding.So override it. Hit the override. Start the engine.We can't start the engine until we close that gate.Help me! Help!Momma!Momma!Are you ok? My Mommy is in there. Please help her!We'll get to your Mommy, sweetheart.They're doing everything they can, okay?Can we talk to her?I'm gonna try to connect us.We have to stop the bleeding!How about my belt?Here Mom! Mr. Curtis? Jackson?Help!It's Adrian Helmsley, we met at Yellowstone.Thats great. Open the god damn door!Your daughter is with me!Lilly? Where's Noah?I'm right here, Lil!Impact warning 30 west. 45 east.Target elevation 29035 feet.29000 feet? What the hell is at 29000 feet?We're headed straight for the north face of Mount EverestMr. Anheuser.And if we can't start our engines, we will not survive the impact.Jackson, you're sealed off! We can't get to you!There's something blocking the hydraulicsIf you can't get it out, none of us are gonna make itDr. Helmsley, look at this.It's completely submerged down thereAnd there's no way for them to get any air.Theres no other way!But it's a suicide mission, Sir!I know where it is, I'll give it a try.Dad, wait, I wanna go with you!Dad, I wanna help you! No, no, no.You are helping me. Dad, please!Remember when Lilly was bornAnd you wanted to be introduced as her big brother?Well, she's scared now.She needs you more than ever.If you're safe, I know that she's safe. Do you understand?You can help me out the next time.We caused this thing, it was us.I gotta go check it out.Can you hear me?Who can help me! Help!Who can help me!Press down!Press down with your hand!Don't stop. Keep pressing!No!Distance to impact 1850 metersThere he is!Captain! We have a visual!I think we found the problem.Show us the hydraulics chamber.I told you to stay up there with your Mom!I just wanted to help.Alright. Hold the light.We're right under the air pocket, okay?How did you know I needed help?Grandpa, grandmaI'm sorry.I could not save us.He has gone back in. He will fix it.There's no way.Don't lose faith, brother.MalfunctionWe're gonna die! We're gonna die!Great job! You light the way and I'll go for the cable.Distance to impact 400 metersUnderwater ridge ahead!We're going to run aground, captain!Sir, the gate is sealed!That's affirmative, captain!Anton, start the engines.Aye-aye captain. Full reverse.Captain! We're not gonna make it!Distance to impact 50 meters.40 meters.Reverse motion activated.10 meters. 20 meters.Hard to port!Okay, hard to port!We did it! We did it!Where's Dad? He was right behind me, Mommy.Any word from the hydraulic chamber?Where is he?I thought you said he was right behind you.He was!Are you sure? Yes.He was right there!Dad. Dad!Come on, Jackson. Come on.Please, please.Please, please.He did it!He did it!Shuttle Atlantis. Our last day.All we can hear is the sound of our own breathing.That reminds us we are still sharing our memoriesHopes and ideas.And isn't it funny? Just this morning, we walked out.Somehow we all have relatives in Wisconsin.The end.It's good.I thought you would like it.Tell meApart from books and art.Do you think there's anything else we might possibly share?In the future?Are you asking me out on a date, Dr. Helmsley?You know my diary is pretty full.ActuallyYes, I was.Dr. Helmsley to the bridge, please.Dr. Helmsley to the bridge.Come here.Ladies and gentleman, this is captain Michaels speaking.In a few minutes I will give orders to unseal the decks.At 23:45 last nightOur sister arks number 6 and 7 have joined our course.For the first time on our journey, we will have clear skies.As you know our passenger count is way over capacity.So please, be careful when you step out and of courseEnjoy the fresh air.Can I hold him?Sure, he can be your dog too if you like.Thanks.Where have you been all my life?Gift shop.Oh, Adrian. Excellent.I called because we just got our first satellite feet.The equalization of the oceanicSeabeds has not turned out to be as extreme as we expected.The waters are receding.Much faster than we thought.Thank God. AndThis is hard to believe,But the Himalayas are no longer the roof of the world.It's now the Drakensberg Mountains of Kwazulu, Nepal.The entire African continent has just risen.7000 feet, and unlikely they are even flooded.That's why they call it the Cape of Good Hope.We've already set course for it.Daddy, when will we go back home?Well, we talked about that.We're gonna find a new home out here somewhere.Right? Wherever we're all together. That's home.Right?You are scared?I am not.No more pull-ups.Nice.