Doc! Doc! Doc!Doc! Doc!
What?Okay, relax, Doc. It's
me. It's me! It's Marty.No, it can't be. I just
sent you back to the future.Yeah. No, I know.
You did send meback to the future,
but I'm back.I'm back
from the future.Great Scott!Hey, kids, what time is it?Howdy Doody time!Great Scott!It's Howdy Doody TimeBob Smith and Howdy Do
Say Howdy Do to youHowdy Doody time?Date. Sunday, November
13, 1955. 7:01 a. m.Last night's
time travel experimentwas apparently
a complete success.Lightning struck the clock
tower at precisely 10:04 p. m.Sending the necessary 1.21
gigawatts into the time vehicle,which vanished in a
brilliant flash of lightleaving a pair of
fire trails behind.I, therefore, assume that
Marty and the time vehiclewere transported forward
through time into the year 1985.After that...After that, I can't
recall what happened.In fact, I don't even
remember how I got home.Perhaps
the gigawatt dischargecoupled with the temporal
displacement fieldgenerated by
the time vehiclecaused a disruption
of my own brain wavesresulting in a condition
of momentary amnesia.Indeed, I now recall
that momentsafter the time vehicle
disappearedinto the future,I saw a vision
of Marty sayinghe had come back
from the future.Hey, Doc!Undoubtedly, this was some
sort of residual image...Doc.Doc, calm down, okay. Just
calm down. It's me. It's Marty.No, it can't be you! I
sent you back to the future!That's right, Doc.
That's right,but I came back again. I
came back from the future.Don't you
remember last night?You fainted.
I brought you home.This can't be happening!
You can't be here!It doesn't make sense
for you to be here!I refuse to even believe
that you are here!Doc, I am here,
and it does make sense.Look, I came back to
1955 again with you,the you from 1985, 'cause we
had to get a book from Biff!So once I got
the book back,you, that is the you
from 1985,were in the DeLorean, and
it got struck by lightning,and you got
sent back to 1885!1885?It's a very interesting
story, future boy,but there's just one little
thing that doesn't make sense.If the me of the future
is now in the past,how could you
possibly know about it?You sent me a letter."Dear Marty, if my
calculations are correct,"you will receive this
letter immediately after"you saw the DeLorean
struck by lightning."First, let me assure you
that I'm alive and well."I've been living happily these
past eight months in the year 1885."The lightning bolt
that hit the DeLorean"caused a gigawatt
overload"which scrambled
the time circuits,"activated
the Flux Capacitor,"and sent me
back to 1885."The overload shorted
out the time circuits"and destroyed
the flying circuits."Unfortunately, the car
will never fly again. "It actually flew?Yeah, we had
a hover conversion donein the early
21st century.Incredible!"I set myself up as a
blacksmith as a front"while I attempted to repair
the damage to the time circuits."Unfortunately,
this proved impossible,"because suitable
replacement parts"will not be
invented until 1947."However,
I've gotten quite adept"at shoeing horses
and fixing wagons. "1885! Amazing!I actually end up as a
blacksmith in the Old West.Pretty heavy, huh?"I have buried the DeLorean
in the abandoned Delgado Mine"adjacent to the old
Boot Hill Cemetery"as shown on
the enclosed map."Hopefully, it should
remain undisturbed"and preserved until
you uncover it in 1955."Inside, you will find
repair instructions."My 1955 counterpart... "
That's me."... should have no
problem repairing it"so that you can drive it
back to the future."Once you have returned to
1985, destroy the time machine. "Destroy it?Yeah. Well, it's
a long story, Doc."Do not, I repeat,
do not attempt"to come back here
to get me."I am perfectly happy living in
the fresh air and wide-open spaces."And I fear that
unnecessary time travel"only risks
further disruption"of the space-time
continuum."And please take care
of Einstein for me. "Einstein?He's your dog, Doc. Einstein is
what you call your dog in 1985."I know you will
give him a good home."Remember to
walk him twice a day"and that he only
likes canned dog food."These are my wishes. Please
respect them and follow them."And so, Marty, I now say
farewell and wish you Godspeed."You've been a good, kind,
and loyal friend to me,"and you made a real
difference in my life."I will always treasure
our relationship"and think on you
with fond memories,"warm feelings, and a
special place in my heart."Your friend in time,
Doc Emmett L. Brown."September 1st, 1885."I never knew I could
write anything so touching.I know. I know, Doc.
It's beautiful.It's all right,
Copernicus.Everything is
gonna be fine.I'm sorry, Doc. It's all my
fault you're stuck back there.I never should've
let Biff get to me.There are plenty worse places
to be than the Old West.I could have ended up
in the Dark Ages.They probably
would have burned meat the stake as
a heretic or something.Let's look at the map.All right, according to
this, the time vehicleis sealed off
in a side tunnel.We may have to blast.Whoa!I think you woke up
the dead with that blast.Take this camera. I want
to document everything!This reminds me
of the timeI attempted to reach
the center of the Earth.I'd been reading my
favorite author, Jules Verne.I spent weeks preparing
that expedition.I didn't even
get this far.Of course, I was only 12 at the time.You know, it was the
writings of Jules Vernethat had a profound
effect on my life.It was when I was 11
that I first readTwenty Thousand
Leagues Under the Sea.It was then
that I realizedthat I must devote
my life to science.Doc, check it out.
Look at this.My initials!Just like in Journey to
the Center of the Earth!That means
the time machinemust be right
through this wall!It's been buried in here for 70
years, two months, and 13 days.Astounding!"As you see,
the lightning bolt"shorted out the time
circuit control microchip."The attached... "Schematic."Schematic diagram will allow
you to build a replacement unit"with 1955 components,"thus restoring the time machine
to perfect working order. "Unbelievable that this
little piece of junkcould be
such a big problem.No wonder this
circuit failed.It says,
"Made in Japan. "What do you mean, Doc? All the
best stuff is made in Japan.Unbelievable!You know,
when I was a kid,I always wanted
to be a cowboy.And now, knowing I'm gonna
spend my future in the past,it sounds like a wonderful way
to spend my retirement years.It just occurred to me,
Marty, since I end up in 1885,perhaps I'm now in
the history books.I wonder.Could I go to the
library and look myself upin the old
newspaper archives?I don't know, Doc.You're the one that's
always saying, you know,it's not good to know too
much about your own destiny.You're right, Marty.
I know too much already.Better that I not
attempt to uncoverthe circumstances
of my own future.Copernicus.
Come on, boy!I'll get him, Doc.
Copernicus!Copernicus, come on.
Let's go home, boy.What's wrong?What's wrong,
Copernicus? Come on.Come on, let's go home.
Come on. Come on.Doc! Doc!
Come here!Quick!What's wrong, Marty? You
look like you've seen a ghost.You're not
far off, Doc.Great Scott!Check this out."Died September 7th,
1885."That's one week after
you wrote the letter!"Erected in eternal memory
by his beloved Clara. "Who the hell
is Clara?Marty, please
don't stand there!Oh! Right. Sorry.I gotta get
another picture."Shot in the back by Buford
Tannen over a matter of $80"?What kind of a future
do you call that?"Buford Tannen
was a notorious gunman"whose short temper
and a tendency to drool"earned him
the nickname Mad Dog."He was quick
on the trigger"and bragged that
he had killed 12 men"not including
Indians or Chinamen. "Does it mention me?
Am I one of the 12?Just a minute."However this claim
cannot be substantiated,"since precise records
were not kept"after Tannen shot
a newspaper editor"who printed an unfavorable
story about him in 1884."That's why
we can't find anything.Look.William McFly and family.
Your relatives?My great-grandfather's
name was William.That's him.
Good-looking guy.McFlys, but no Browns.Well, maybe it was
a mistake, Doc.Maybe that grave
wasn't yours.There could've been another
Emmett Brown back in 1885.No.
I don't know.Did you have any
relatives here back then?The Browns didn't come
to Hill Valley until 1908.And then they
were the von Brauns.My father changed our name
during the First World War.Doc, look.Great Scott, it's me!Then it is true,
all of it.It is me who goes back
there and gets shot.It's not gonna
happen, Doc.After you fix
the time circuitsand put new tires
on the DeLorean,I'm going back to 1885,
and I'm bringing you home.The clothes fit?Yeah, everything except the
boots, Doc. They're kind of tight.I don't know. Are you sure
this stuff is authentic?Of course. Haven't
you ever seen a Western?Yeah, I have, Doc.Clint Eastwood never wore
anything like this.Clint who?That's right. You
haven't heard of him yet.Marty, you have
to wear the boots.You can't wear those
futuristic things back in 1885.You shouldn't even be
wearing them here in 1955.All right, Doc. Look,
as soon as I get there,I'll put them on.
I promise.Okay. I think
we're about ready.I put gas in the tank.Your future clothes
are packed.Just in case, fresh batteries
for your walkie-talkies.Oh! What about that
floating device?Hoverboard.
All right.You know, Doc, it's gonna
be a hell of a long walkback to Hill Valley
from here.It's still
the safest plan.After all, we can't risk sending
you back into a populated areaor to a spot that's
geographically unknown.You don't want to
crash into some treethat once existed
in the past.This was all
completely open country,so you'll have plenty of run
out space when you arrive.Remember, where you're
going, there are no roads.There's a small cave
over therewhich will be a perfect place
to hide the time vehicle.Well, the new time circuit
control tubes are warmed up.Time circuits on.I wrote the letter
on September 1st,so we'll send you back
the very next day,September 2nd.
That's a Wednesday.September 2nd,
1885, 8:00 a. m.I get shot
on Monday the 7th,so you have five days
to locate me.According to my letter,
I'm a blacksmith,so I probably have
a shop somewhere.All you have to do is
drive the time vehicledirectly toward
that screen,accelerating to
88 miles an hour.Wait a minute. Doc, if I drive
straight towards the screen,I'm gonna crash
into those Indians.Marty, you're not thinking
fourth-dimensionally.You'll instantly be
transported to 1885,and those Indians
won't even be there.Right.
Well.Good luck for
both of our sakes.See you in the future.You mean the past.Exactly.Happy trails, Marty!Ready, Marty?Ready!Set!Hi-ho, Silver.Indians!The cave!Charge!Shit! The cavalry!Damn, I ripped
the fuel line.Maggie! Fetch some water!
We got a hurt man here.Mom! Mom, is that you?There, there now.You've been asleep for
nearly six hours now.I had this
horrible nightmare.I dreamed... I dreamed
I was in a Western.I was being chased by all
these Indians and a bear.Well, you're safe
and soundhere now
at the McFly farm.McFly farm?Well, you're my...
You're my, my...Who are you?The name is McFly.
Maggie McFly.McFly. Maggie?And that's Mrs. McFly, and
don't you be forgetting the Mrs.And what might
your name be, sir?Well, it's...Eastwood.Clint Eastwood.Well, you hit your head,
Mr. Eastwood.Not too serious,
but lucky for you,Seamus found you
when he did.Seamus.Me husband.You'll be excusing me, Mr.
Eastwood, while I tend to William.William.Oh, that's okay, Will.
It's okay.That's William?
Aye.William Sean McFly, the first of
our family to be born in America.It's okay, Will.This here is Mr. Clint
Eastwood here visiting.He surely likes you,
Mr. Eastwood.Maggie.I've got supper.I'm not one to pry into
a man's personal affairs,but exactly how is it that
you came to be way out herewithout a horse,
or boots, or a hat?Well, my car...Horse broke down,
and a bear ate my boots,and I guess
I just forgot my hat.How could you forget
a thing like your hat?Would you like
some water?Yeah.I'll tell you what
I'll do, Mr. Eastwood.I'll help you find
your blacksmith friend.You can stay
the night in the barn,and tomorrow I'll take you
as far as the railroad tracks.You can follow them
straight on into town.I'll even
give you a hat.That's great. Thanks.Ah...That's my William.Oh.Yes.I think you'll find
the barn comfortable.Never had any complaints
about it from the pigs.Mmm.
Seamus!A word with you.Aye.Will you hold him
for a minute?Are you sure you're not after
bringing a curse on this housetaking him in
like that?He's such
a strange young man.Aye. But I've just got a
feeling about him, Maggie,that looking after him
is the right thing to do.That it's important.Hey, buddy.Look how the baby
takes to him.Little Will never
takes to strangers.It's almost as if
he's connected to us.Hey, Will.So you're my
great-grandfather.The first McFly
born in America.And you peed on me.Give us some soap.Here you go.Take a look and see what
just breezed in the door.Why, I didn't know
the circus was in town.Must have got that
shirt off a dead Chinese.What will it be,
stranger?I'll have ice water.Ice water?Water?You want water, you
better go dunk your headin the horse trough
out there.In here,
we pour whiskey.Excuse me.For what?I'm trying to
find the blacksmith.Hey, McFly!Thought I done told
you never to come in...You ain't
Seamus McFly.You look like him,
though,especially with
that dog-ugly hat.You kin to
that hay barber?What's your name,
dude?Marty...Eastwood.Clint Eastwood.What kind of
stupid name is that?I'd say he's the runt of the litter.Hey, now, boys, would you take a
look-see at these pearly whites?Hell, I ain't seen
teeth look that straightthat weren't
store-bought.Take a gander at
them moccasins.What kind of skins
is them?What's that
writing mean?"Nike"?
What is that?Some sort of Injun
talk or something?Bartender, I'm looking for that
no-good, cheating blacksmith.You seen him?No, sir, Mr. Tannen.
I have not.Tannen.You're "Mad Dog" Tannen."Mad Dog"?I hate that name.I hate it, you hear?Nobody calls me
"Mad Dog"!Especially not some duded-up,
egg-sucking gutter trash.Dance!Come on!Come on, runt! You can
dance better than that!Shit.Whoo!You better run,
squirrel.Get him!Whoa!We got ourselves
a new courthouse.High time
we had a hanging!Look at him swing.Yeah, haven't had a
hanging in a long time!It'll shoot the fleas off a
dog's back at 500 yards, Tannen,and it's pointed
straight at your head!You owe me money,
blacksmith.How do you figure?My horse threw a shoe.And seeing as you was the
one that done the shoeing,I say that makes
you responsible.Well, since you never paid me for
the job, I say that makes us even.Wrong! See I was
on my horsewhen it threw the shoe,
and I got throwed off!And that caused me
to bust a perfectlygood bottle of
fine Kentucky red eye.So the way
I figure it, blacksmith,you owe me $5
for the whiskeyand $75 for the horse!That's the $80.Look, if your horse
threw a shoe,bring him back,
and I'll reshoe him.I done shot that horse!Well, that's your problem,
Tannen.Wrong. That's yours.So from now on, you better be
looking behind you when you walk.Because one day you're gonna
get a bullet in your back.Doc!Marty, I gave you explicit
instructions not to come herebut to go
directly back to 1985.I know, Doc,
but I had to come.But it's good to
see you, Marty.Marty, you're gonna have to do
something about those clothes.You walk around town
dressed like that,you're liable
to get shot.Or hanged.What idiot dressed you
in that outfit?You did."Shot in the back
by Buford Tannen"over a matter of $80,"September 7"?That's this Monday!Now I wish
I'd paid him off.And who's this
beloved Clara?I don't know
anyone named Clara.I don't know, Doc.I thought maybe she was
a girlfriend of yours.Marty, my involvement in such a
social relationship here in 1885could result in a disruption
of the space-time continuum.As a scientist, I can
never take that risk.Certainly not after what
we've already been through.Emmett!Hello, Emmett.Hubert.It's the mayor.Excuse me, Emmett.Do you remember last week at the
town meeting when you volunteeredto meet the new
schoolteacherat the station
when she came in?Oh, yes, quite so.Well, we just got word
she's coming in tomorrow.Here are the details
for you.Thanks for
all your help.Anytime, Hubert.Oh! Her name's Miss
Clayton. Clara Clayton.Well, Doc, now we know who Clara is.Marty, it's impossible.The idea that I could fall in love
at first sight is romantic nonsense.There's no scientific
rationale for that concept.Aw, come on, Doc.
It's not science.You meet the right girl, it just
hits you. It's like lightning.Marty, please
don't say that.That's the way it was
for me and Jennifer.I mean, we couldn't keep
our eyes off each other.God, Jennifer, damn. I
hope she's all right, Doc.I can't believe we just
left her there on the porch.Don't worry, Marty.
She'll be fine.When you burned
the almanac in 1955,the normal timeline
was restored.That means once
we're back in 1985,you just have to go over
to her house to wake her up.Oh, Marty, turn that valve over thereall the way
to the right.Yeah, pull it
all the way around.Okay. Let's go!Iced tea?No, thanks.It's a refrigerator.Well, I guess
Miss Claytonwill have to find
other transportation.If I never
meet the woman,there's no possibility of a
romantic infatuation, right?You're the doc, Doc.
All right.We'll get the DeLorean and get
ourselves back to the future.Oh, listen, Doc,
I tore a holein the gas tank
when I was landing,so we're gonna have to
patch it up and get some gas.You mean we're
out of gas?Yeah, it's no big deal.We've got
Mr. Fusion, right?Mr. Fusion powers the time
circuits and the Flux Capacitor,but the internal combustion
engine runs on ordinary gasoline.It always has.There's not gonna be
a gas station around hereuntil sometime in
the next century.Without gasoline,we can't get the DeLorean
up to 88 miles per hour.So what do we do?Twenty-four!It's no use, Marty!Even the fastest
horse in the worldwon't run more than 35,
40 miles an hour!Bartender said that's the
strongest stuff they got.Try it, Marty.Give it more gas!Damn!It blew the fuel
injection manifold.Strong stuff,
all right.It will take me a month
to rebuild it.A month?Doc, you're gonna
get shot on Monday!I know! I know!
I know! I wish...Wait. I've got it! We can
simply roll it down a steep hill!Oh! We'd never find
a smooth enough surface.Unless...Of course! Ice!We'll wait until winter
when the lake freezes over.Winter? Doc, what are you talking about?Monday!
It's three days away!All right, all right,
all right.Just let's think this
thing through logically.We know it won't run
under its own power.We know
we can't pull it.But if we could
figure out a wayto push it up to
88 miles an hour.Huh?That's it.How fast can she go? Why,
I've had her up to 55 myself.I heard that
Fearless Frank Fargogot one of these
up to near 70out past
Verde Junction.Do you think it's possible
to get it up to 90?Ninety?Tarnation, son, who'd ever
need to be in such a hurry?It's just a little bet
he and I have, that's all.Theoretically speaking,
could it be done?Well, I suppose,
if you had a straightstretch of track
with a level grade,and you weren't hauling
no cars behind you,and if you could get
the fire hot enough.And I'm talking about hotter than the
blazes of hell and damnation itself.Then yes, sir, it might be
possible to get her up that fast.Tell me, when does the next
train come through here?Monday morning at 8:00.Here. This spur that
runs off the main linethree miles out
to Clayton Ravine.It's a long stretch
of level trackthat will still
exist in 1985.This is where we'll push the
DeLorean with the locomotive.Funny. This map calls
Clayton Ravine Shonash Ravine.That must be the old Indian
name for it. It's perfect.A nice long run
that goes clear acrossthe bridge
over the ravine,you know, over near that
Hilldale housing development.Right, Doc, but according to
this map, there is no bridge.Well, Doc,
we can scratch that idea.I mean, we can't
wait a year and a halffor this thing
to get finished.Marty, it's perfect.You're just not thinking
fourth-dimensionally.Right. Right. I have a
real problem with that.Don't you see? The
bridge will exist in 1985.It's safe
and still in use.Therefore, as long as we get the
DeLorean up to 88 miles an hourbefore we hit
the edge of the ravine,we'll instantaneously
arrive at a point in timewhere the bridge
is completed.We'll have track under us and
coast safely across the ravine.What about
the locomotive?It will be
a spectacular wreck.Too bad no one will
be around to see it.Help me! Help!Great Scott!Hurry!Jump!Whoa.Whoa.Oh...Thank you, sir.
You saved my......life.Emmett Brown at
your service, Miss...Clayton.Clara Clayton.Clara!What a beautiful name.May I help you
inside with these?Oh, no, that won't be
necessary. I can take care of it.You've done more
than enough already.But it's really
no trouble.Doc, she says it's fine,
and we got to get going.Ma'am, good luck with your
school teaching and everything.Clara, I'll straighten
everything outwith Mr. Statler for
the buckboard rental.Don't worry about that.I feel somewhat responsible
for what happened.Oh.That would be very gentlemanly
of you, Mr. Brown. Emmett.You know,
I'm almost gladthat snake
spooked those horses.Otherwise,
we might never have met.I suppose
it was destiny.Well, thank you
for everything.You're quite welcome.I will see you again,
won't I?Of course.
You'll see lots of me.I'm sure.
I have a shop in town.I'm the local scientist,
blacksmith.Science?
What sort of science?Astronomy?
Chemistry?Actually, I'm a student
of all sciences.Hey, Doc,
we got to get going.Oh, yes.
Well, excuse us, Clara.We have to get going.Toodle-oo.What do you mean, you're gonna
be seeing lots of her, Doc?Well, I might see her
again just in passing.Come on, Doc. Did you see the
way she was looking at you?She did have
quite a scare, right?After all, Miss Clayton
almost ended upat the bottom of
Clayton Ravine.Clayton Ravine.Holy shit. Hey, Doc, Clayton
Ravine was named after a teacher.They say she fell in
there 100 years ago.100 years ago!
That's this year!Every kid in school
knows that story,'cause we all
have teacherswe'd like to see
fall into the ravine.Great Scott!Then she was supposed
to go over in that wagon.Now I may have
seriously altered history.Look, Doc, what's the
worst that can happen, huh?So they don't name
the ravine after her.Let's just get
the DeLorean readyand get the hell
out of here.I wish I'd never invented
that infernal time machine.It's caused
nothing but disaster.Doc, Doc,
this is Marty.Do you read me? Over.Check, Marty.Great, Doc.
These things still work.All right, Marty.Once more, let's go over
the entire plan and layout.I apologize for the crudity
of this model, but I just...Yeah, I know, Doc. It's not
to scale. It's okay, Doc.All right.
Tomorrow night, Sunday,we'll load the DeLorean onto
the tracks here, on the spurright by the old
abandoned silver mine.The switch track is where the
spur runs off the main linethree miles out to
Clayton... Shonash Ravine.The train leaves the station
at 8:00 Monday morning.We'll stop it here, uncouple
the cars from the tender,throw the switch track,
and then we'll hijack...Borrow the locomotive and use
it to push the time machine.According to
my calculations,we'll reach
88 miles per hourjust before we hit
the edge of the ravine,at which point we'll be
instantaneously transported back to 1985and coast safely across
the completed bridge.What does this mean?
"Point of no return. "That's our
fail-safe point.Up until there, we have
still have enough timeto stop the locomotive before
it plunges into the ravine.But once we
pass this windmill,it's the future
or bust.Here you go, Marty. Connect
that to the positive terminal.All right,
Marty, you all set?Yeah. Yeah. Go!Train pulling
out of the station!Coming up to
the switch track!Stop at
the switch track!Throw the switch!Pull up
to the DeLorean!Pushing the DeLorean
up to 88 miles per hour!It couldn't be simpler.Emmett?It's Clara.Quick,
cover the DeLorean!Hello.Why, hello.This is
quite a surprise.Well, I hope I'm not
disturbing anything.Oh, no, no, we were just doing
a little model railroading.Oh.Emmett, when my bags were
thrown from the wagon,my telescope
was damaged.And since you mentioned
an interest in science,I thought you might be
able to repair it for me.I would pay you,
of course.Oh, no, no, no. I wouldn't
think of charging you for this.Well, let's have
a look at it.I think a lens may
be out of alignment,because if you
move it this way,the image turns fuzzy.
See?But if you turn it
the other way then...Everything becomes......clear.I could repair it right away
and have it for you tonight.Oh, tonight is
the town festival.I wouldn't dream of having
you work on my telescopeduring such
an important occasion.You are planning on
attending, aren't you?Well, actually,
ma'am, I don't think...Yes, of course,
the festival.Well, in that case,I'll see you this evening
at the festival, Emmett.Mr. Eastwood.
Ma'am.Thank you for taking
care of my telescope.You're quite welcome.It's a nice telescope.Ladies and gentlemen,as mayor of Hill Valley,
it gives me great pleasureto dedicate this clock to
the people of Hill County!May it stand
for all time!Tell me when, gentlemen.Three! Two! One!Now!Let the festivities
begin!You know, Marty,
in a way, it's fittingthat you and I are
here to witness this.It's too bad I didn't
bring my camera.Ready, gentlemen?The only problem is we'll never
be able to show it to anybody.Smile, Doc.Yee-ha!What great music!Yeah, it's got a beat,
and you can dance to it.Step right up
gentlemenand test your mettle
with the latest productsfrom Colonel Samuel Colt's Patent
Firearms Manufacturing Companyof Hartford,
Connecticut.Now, take this model,
for example.The new, improved and
refined Colt Peacemakerselling to you tonight for
the low, low price of $12.Good evening.
Evening.You look very nice.Thank you.Would you like...Would you care to...I'd love to.Young man, how about you?
You want to give it a try?No, no. No, thanks.
Hey, Doc, this...Son!Sonny boy!The Doc can dance?Son. Son. Son!Hey, I just told you that even
a baby could handle this weapon.Surely you're not afraid to try
something that a baby could do.Hey, I'm not afraid
of nothing.Come on, then. Let's just
step up here like a man.Now, then what you do is you
just ease that hammer back thereand squeeze off
a round.No, no, no!Right on out there
and be real smooth.That's the way
you do it.Listen,
can I try that again?Yeah, go ahead.Hey, just tell me
one thing.Where did you learn
to shoot like that?7- Eleven.Buford, you sure
that blacksmithis gonna be at
this here shindig?Sure he's here.
Everybody's here tonight.You gentlemen will have
to check your firearmsif you want to join in
on the festivities.Who's gonna make us,
tenderfoot? You?I am.Marshal Strickland. I didn't
know you was back in town.If you can't
read the sign, Tannen,I presume
you can read this.Pretty tough hombre
when you're pointinga scatter gun
at a man's back.Just like you, Tannen, I take
every advantage I can get.Now you gonna
check your iron?I was just joking
with your deputy.Of course,
I'm gonna check my iron.We all were.
Weren't we, boys?Yeah, right.Tannen.Your knife, too.Smile, Marshal. After
all, this is a party.Only party
I'll be smiling atis the one that sees you
at the end of a rope.Have fun!See, that's how
you handle them, Son.Never give them
an inchand maintain discipline
at all times.Remember that word,
discipline.I will, Pa.Swing that partner
With a right big swingOver to the side
It's the same old thingThank you very much.Why, Mr. Eastwood,
nice to see you.I see you got yourself some respectable
clothes, lad, and a fine hat.Yeah, well,
a couple peopledidn't like the way the
other one looked on me.Sure, and that one
suits you, Mr. Eastwood.It's very becoming.
Oh, thanks.Hey, "Frisbie. "
Far out.What was the meaning
of that?It was right in front of him. Aye.Swing that partner
halfway roundSashay back to
the head of the setAll the way up to
the head of the setNow, bow to the partner
You're throughHey, that's mine!
Not anymore.Give me that.There he is, Buford.Where?
There.Dancing with that
piece of calico.What are you
gonna do, boss?I figure if I bury
this muzzledeep enough in his back,
nobody will hear the shot.Careful, Buford. You ain't
got but one bullet with that.I only need one.I told you to watch
your back, smithy.Tannen, you're early.It's a Derringer, smithy.
Small but effective.The last time I used it, fellow
took two whole days to die.Bled to death inside.It was real,
real painful.That means you'll be dead
by about supper time Monday.Excuse me. I don't know who you
think you are, but we're dancing.Well, look at what
we have here.Ain't you gonna
introduce me to the lady?I'd like a dance.I wouldn't give
you the pleasure.You'll just have to
go ahead and shoot.All right.No, no. Emmett,
I'll dance with him.Boys, keep the
blacksmith companywhile I get acquainted
with the filly!I don't dance very well when my
partner has a gun in his hand.You'll learn.
You'll learn.You know, smithy, maybe I'll
just take my $80 worth out of her!Tannen,
leave her alone!Whoo!Yeah, I bet there's something
you can do that's worth $80.I believe you've
underestimated me, mister.Have I?Ow!Stop it!
Damn you, Tannen!No, I damn you!I damn you to hell!You.Hey, lighten up, jerk!Mighty strong words,
runt!You man enough
to back them upwith more than
just a pie plate?Look, just leave
my friends alone.What's wrong, dude?
You yellow?That's what I thought.
A yellow belly.Nobody calls me yellow.Then let's
finish it right now.Not now, Buford.
Marshal's got our guns.Like I said,
we'll finish this tomorrow!Tomorrow we're robbing
the Pine City stage.What about Monday?
We doing anything Monday?No, Monday would be fine.
You can kill him on Monday.I'll be back
this way on Monday.We'll settle this then.Right there
out in the streetin front of
the Palace Saloon.Yeah, right. When?High noon?
Noon?I do my killing
before breakfast. 7:00!8:00. I do my killing
after breakfast.Marty!All right, now.
Break it up.What's all this about?You causing
trouble here, Tannen?No trouble, Marshal.Just a little personal matter
between me and Eastwood.This don't
concern the law.Tonight, everything concerns
the law. Now break it up.Any brawling, it's 15
days in the county jail.All right, folks.
Come on, this is a party.Come on!
Let's have some fun!8:00 Monday, runt.If you ain't here,I'll hunt you and shoot
you down like a duck.It's "dog," Buford.
Shoot him down like a dog.Let's go, boys! Let these
sissies have their party!Marty,
what are you doing,saying you're
gonna meet Tannen?Hey, Doc, Doc,
don't worry about it.Monday morning 8:00 a. m.We're gonna
be gone, right?Theoretically, yes, but
what if the train's late?Late? We'll discuss this later.No, we'll discuss it now.
Late? What do you mean?Thank you for your
gallantry, Mr. Eastwood.Hey, ma'am.Had you not interceded,
Emmett might have been shot.Marty... Clint, I'm
gonna take Clara home.Right. Good night,
Doc. Good night, Clara.You sure set him straight,
Mr. Eastwood.I'm glad somebody
finally got the gumptionto stand up to
that son of a bitch.You're all right in
my book, Mr. Eastwood.I'd like to
buy you a drink.Hey, listen,
I don't want a drink.You don't have to buy me
anything. Young man. Young man.It was no big deal. I'd like
for you to have this brand-newColt Peacemaker and
gun belt free of charge.Free?I want everybody
to knowthat the gun that shot Buford
Tannen was a Colt Peacemaker!Hey, no problem.
Thanks a lot.Of course
you understandthat if you lose,
I'm taking it back.Thanks again.You had him,
Mr. Eastwood.You could have
just walked away,and nobody would have thought
the less of you for it.All it would have been was
words, hot air from a buffoon.Instead,
you let him rile you.Rile you into playing his
game, his way, by his rules.Seamus, relax.
I know what I'm doing.He reminds me
of poor Martin.Aye.Who?
Me brother.Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.You have a brother
named Martin McFly?Had a brother.Martin used to let men
provoke him into fighting.He was concerned that people would
think him a coward if he refused.That's how he got a Bowie
knife shoved through his bellyin a saloon
in Virginia City.Never considered
the future, poor Martin.God rest his soul.Sure, and I hope you're considering
the future, Mr. Eastwood.I think about it
all the time.And that crater
in the middle north west,the one that's out there all
by itself like a starburst...Uh-huh....that one's
called Copernicus.Listen to me. I feel
like I'm teaching school.Please,
continue the lesson.I never found lunar
geography so fascinating.You're quite
knowledgeable.When I was 11,
I had diphtheria.I was quarantined
for three months.So my father
brought this telescope,and he put it
next to my bedso I could see
everything out the window.Emmett, do you think we'll ever
be able to travel to the moonthe way we travel across
the country on trains?Definitely. Although not for
84 years and not on trains.We'll have space vehicles,
capsules sent aloft with rockets.Devices that
create giant explosions.Explosions so powerful
that they just...That they break the pull
of the Earth's gravityand send the projectile
through outer space.Emmett,
I read that book, too!You're quoting
Jules VerneFrom the Earth
to the Moon.You've read Jules Verne?I adore Jules Verne.So do I.Twenty Thousand Leagues Under
the Sea. My absolute favorite.The first time I read that
when I was a little boy,why, I wanted to
meet Captain Nemo.Don't tease, Emmett.You couldn't have read
that when you were a boy.It was only first
published 10 years ago.Oh, yes. Well, I meant it
made me feel like a boy.I never met a woman who
liked Jules Verne before.I never ever met a man
like you before.Doc?Hope you know
what you're doing.You talking to me?You talking to me,
Tannen?Well, I'm the
only one here.Go ahead,
make my day.Say good morning,
Mr. Eastwood.Morning.Have a cigar,
Mr. Eastwood.Anything I can do for
you today, Mr. Eastwood?No, that's fine.Good luck tomorrow,
Mr. Eastwood.We'll be praying
for you.Thanks.Good morning,
Mr. Eastwood.Interest you in a new suit for tomorrow?I'm fine. Thanks.Doc, what are
you doing?Oh, nothing.I was just out
enjoying the morning air.It's really lovely here in
the morning. Don't you think?Yeah, it's lovely, Doc.So listen, we've got
to load the DeLorean upand get ready
to roll, all right?Hey, look at that,
the tombstone.Marty, let me see
that photograph again.My name,
it's vanished.Hey, that's great, Doc.
Don't you get it?We're going back to
the future tomorrow,so everything's
being erased.But only my name
is erased.The tombstone itself
and the date still remain.That doesn't
make sense.We know that this photograph
represents what will happenif the events
of today continueto run their course
into tomorrow.Right. So?Excuse me,
Mr. Eastwood.I just need to take
your measurements.Oh, look, pal, I don't
want to buy a suit.No, this is
for your coffin.My coffin?Well, the odds are running
two to one against you.Might as well
be prepared.So it may not be my name that's
supposed to end up on this tombstone.It may be yours.Great Scott.I know.
This is heavy.Marty, why are you
wearing that gun?You're not considering going
up against Tannen tomorrow?Doc, tomorrow morning I'm going
back to the future with you.But if Buford Tannen
comes looking for trouble,I'm gonna be
ready for him.You heard what that son of
a bitch called me last night.Marty, you can't go
losing your judgmentevery time someone
calls you a name.That's exactly
what causes youto get into that accident
in the future.What?
What about my future?I can't tell you. It
might make things worse.Wait a minute. Doc, what
is wrong with my future?Marty, we all have to make decisionsthat affect
the course of our lives.You've got to do
what you've got to do,and I've got to do
what I've got to do.Marty.
Yeah.I've made a decision.
Uh-huh.I'm not going
with you tomorrow.I'm staying here.What are you
talking about, Doc?There's no point
in denying it.I'm in love with Clara.Oh, man.Doc, we don't belong
here. Neither one of us.You know, it could still be
you that gets shot tomorrow.This tombstone could
still be in your future.Marty, the future
isn't written.It can be changed.
You know that.Anyone can make their future
whatever they want it to be.I can't let this
one little photographdetermine
my entire destiny.I have to
live my lifeaccording to what I believe
is right in my heart.Doc, you're a scientist.So you tell me. What's the
right thing to do up here?You're right, Marty.Wow, that worked great.I've at least got
to tell her goodbye.Come on, Doc.
Think about it.What are you
gonna say to her?"I've got to go
back to the future?"I mean, she's not gonna
understand that, Doc.Hell, I'm in it
with you,and I don't
even understand it.Doc, listen.Maybe we...I don't know, maybe we can
just take Clara with us.To the future?As you reminded me,
Marty, I'm a scientist,so I must be
scientific about this.I cautioned you about
disrupting the continuumfor your own
personal benefit.Therefore,
I must do no less.We shall proceed
as planned,and as soon as
we return to 1985,we'll destroy this
infernal machine.Traveling through time has
become much too painful.It's Emmett, Clara.Emmett,
won't you come in?No, I better not. I...What's wrong?I've come
to say goodbye.Goodbye? Well,
where are you going?I'm going away.And well, I'm afraid
I'll never see you again.Emmett!Clara, I want you to know
that I care about you deeply.But I've realized that
I don't belong here,and I have to go back
where I came from.And where
might that be?I can't tell you.Well, wherever you're
going, take me with you.I can't, Clara.I wish it didn't
have to be this way,but just believe me
when I tell youthat I'll never forget you
and that I love you.I don't understand what
you're trying to say.Clara, I don't think there's any
way that you can understand it.Please, Emmett.
Please, I have to know.If you sincerely
do love me,then tell me
the truth.All right then.I'm from the future.I came here in a time
machine that I invented,and tomorrow I have to
go back to the year 1985.Yes, Emmett.I do understand.I understand that
because you knowI'm partial to the
writings of Jules Verne,you concocted
those mendacitiesin order to take
advantage of me.Oh! I've heard some
whoppers in my day,but the fact
that you'd expect meto entertain
a notion like thatis so insulting
and degrading!All you had to say is,
"I don't love you,"and I don't want
to see you anymore. "That, at least, would
have been respectful!But that's
not the truth.Good to
see you, too.Emmett. What can I get you? The usual?No, Chester, I'm gonna need somethinga lot stronger
than that tonight.Sarsaparilla.Whiskey, Chester.Whiskey?
Emmett, are you sure?You know what happened to
you on the Fourth of July.Whiskey.Okay, I ain't your papa.Just don't want to see
you do the wrong thing.You can leave
the bottle.It's a woman, right?I knew it. I have seen
that look on a man's facea thousand times
all across the country.All I can tell you, friend,
is you'll get over her.Oh... Clara was
one in a million.One in a billion.
One in a googolplex.The woman of my dreams, and
I've lost her for all time.I can assure you, sir,
there are other women.Why, peddling this barbed
wire all across the countryhas taught me
one thing for certain,is that you never know
what the future might bring.The future. Oh, I can
tell you about the future.Oh, man, did I sleep.What time is it, Doc?Doc?Wake up!Get up! Let's go!I got me
a runt to kill.It's still early, boss.
What's your hurry?I'm hungry.And in the future,
we don't need horses.We have motorized carriages
called automobiles.If everybody's got one
of these auto whatsits,does anybody walk
or run anymore?Of course we run, but
for recreation, for fun.Run for fun? What the
hell kind of fun is that?Doc! Doc!How much
has he had?None.
That's the first one,and he hasn't
touched it yet.He just likes
to hold it.Doc! Doc!
What are you doing?I've lost her, Marty. There's
nothing left for me here.All right, that's why you
gotta come back with me.Where?Back to the future!Right!
Let's get going!Great.Gentlemen, excuse me, but my
friend and I have to catch a train.Here's to you,
blacksmith.And to the future.Amen.Amen.
Emmett, no!Doc! Doc! Doc!Come on, Doc.
Wake up. Wake up, Doc!How many did he have?Just the one.Just the one?
Come on, Doc.There's a fellow that
can't hold his liquor.Get me some coffee.
Black!Joey, coffee!Ma'am?How far does
the 8:00 train go?San Francisco is
the end of the line.I'll take
a one-way ticket.You want to sober him
up in a hurry, son,you're gonna have to use something
a lot stronger than coffee.Yeah,
what do you suggest?Joey, let's make
some wake-up juice.Come on, Doc, swallow.
Here we go.In about 10 minutes,he's gonna be as sober
as a priest on Sunday.Ten minutes!Why do we have to cut
these things so damn close?Here, stick this
clothespin on his nose.When he opens up
his mouth,go ahead and pour it on down his gullet.Oh, and stand back.He's still out!Oh, that? That was
just a reflex action.It's gonna take
a few more minutesfor the stuff to really
clear up his head.Perfect.Come on, Doc.
Come on, wake up, buddy.Wake up, Doc!
Come on. Come on.Seamus, wouldn't expect to
see you here this morning.Aye. Something inside me
told me I should be hereas if my future had
something to do with it.He'll come around
in a minute. Come on.Come on, Doc.
Let's go, Doc!Let's wake up now, buddy.
Come on.Are you in there,
Eastwood?It's 8:00,
and I'm calling you out.It's not 8:00 yet!It is by my watch!Let's settle this
once and for all, runt!Or ain't you
got the gumption?Listen.I'm not really feeling up to this today.So I'm gonna
have to forfeit.Forfeit?What's that mean?It means that you win
without a fight.Without shooting?
He can't do that.Hey, you can't do that!You know what I think?I think you ain't nothing
but a gutless, yellow turd!And I'm giving you
to the count of 10to come out here
and prove I'm wrong!One!Doc, come on, sober up,
buddy. Let's go. Come on.Two!You better get
out there, son.I got $20 gold bet on
you, so don't let me down.Three!I got $30 gold bet against
you, so don't let me down.Four!You better face
up to it, son,because if you
don't go out there...What?
Five!What if I don't
go out there?You're a coward.Six!And you'll be branded a coward
for the rest of your days!Everybody everywhere
will say Clint Eastwoodis the biggest yellow belly in the West!Seven!Here!Eight!I already got a gun.Nine!Ten!Do you hear me, runt?I said that's 10, you
gutless, yellow pie-slinger!He's an asshole!I don't care
what Tannen says!And I don't care what
anybody else says either.Doc! Doc, you okay?I think so.What a headache!Listen, you got a back
door to this place?Yeah, it's in the back.Let's go, Doc.Are you coming out here, or
do I have to come in after you?The thing I really
miss here is Tylenol.Hey!Reach, blacksmith!Yes, sir, that poor fellow last nighthad the worst case of broken
heart I have ever seen.When he said
he didn't knowhow he could live
the rest of his lifeknowing how much hurt he'd
caused that little girl.Well, I really felt for
him. I did. Right here.Listen up, Eastwood!I aim to shoot
somebody today,and I prefer
it'd be you.But if you're
just too damn yellow,I guess it'll just have to
be your blacksmith friend.Forget about me, Marty,
and save yourself!You got one minute
to decide.You hear me, runt?
One minute!I've never seen a man so
broken up over a woman.What did he say her
name was? Cara? Sara?Clara.
Clara.Excuse me.
Ma'am?But was this man tall with
great big, brown puppy-dog eyesand long silvery,
flowing hair?You know him.Emmett!Time's up, runt!Prepare to meet
your maker, blacksmith.Right here, Tannen!Draw!No!I thought we could
settle this like men.You thought wrong, dude.Thank you.That was good.You know what I think? No.I think Buford's
going to jail.Yeah.Get him out
of that shit.Get them!Buford Tannen,
you're under arrestfor robbing
the Pine City stage.You got anything to say?I hate manure.Look!Yes!The train!Can we make it?We'll have to cut them
off at Coyote Pass.Hey! Hey, mister.
Mr. Eastwood.Here's your gun, mister.Thanks, kid.Seamus!It's worth $12.
Never been used.Maybe I'll trade it
for a new hat.Right, and take care of that baby!I will!Emmett!"Time machine. "Come on, Marty!Go, Doc.Come on.
Give me your hand!Come on, Marty.Come on. Let's go!Masks on.Reach!Is this a holdup?It's a science experiment.Stop the train just before you
hit the switch track up ahead.Doc!Uncouple the cars
from the tender!I've wanted to
do that all my life.What are these things,
anyway?My own version
of Pres-to-Logs.Compressed wood
with anthracite dustchemically treated to
burn hotter and longer.I use them in my forge
so I don't have to stoke it.These three in the furnace
will ignite sequentially,make the fire
burn hotter,kick up
the boiler pressure,and make the train
go faster.Ready to roll!Emmett!Marty, are the
time circuits on?Check, Doc!Input the destination time.October 27, 1985,
11:00 a. m.Check. Okay, we're cruising at
a steady 25 miles an hour, Doc.I'm throwing in
the Pres-to-Logs.Marty, the new gauge
on the dashboardwill tell us
the boiler temperature.It's color-coded to indicate
when each log will fire.Green, yellow and red.Each detonation
will be accompaniedby a sudden burst
of acceleration.Hopefully, we'll hit
88 miles per hourbefore the needle
gets much past 2,000.Why? What happens
after it hits 2,000?The whole boiler
explodes!Perfect!Hey, Doc!
We just hit 35!Okay, Marty.
I'm coming aboard!Emmett!Come on. Come on.You better hold
onto something, Doc!The yellow log
is about to blow!Golly.We just passed 40, Doc!Emmett!We just passed 45, Doc!
Go for it!Fifty.Emmett!Clara!I love you!Doc! Doc!
What's happening?It's Clara!
She's on the train!Clara? Perfect.She's in the cab!
I'm going back for her!The windmill!Doc! The windmill! We're going
past 50! You'll never make it!Then we'll have to
take her back with us!Keep calling out
the speed!Clara,
climb out here to me!I don't know if I can!You can do it!Just don't look down!That's it!Sixty miles
an hour, Doc!You're doing fine!
Nice and steady!Come on!Just a little further!I can't, Emmett!
I'm scared!Seventy!Keep coming, Clara!Come on! Come on!
You're doing fine!Come on!
Nice and easy!Don't look down! That's
it! You're doing fine!Doc! The red log
is about to blow!Clara!Emmett!I'm trying
to reach you!Clara, hold on!I can't!Oh!Doc, I'm gonna slip you
the Hoverboard!Marty, watch out!Emmett, help!Hold on, Clara!Doc, ready, Doc?Catch it!Yes! Yes!Emmett!Hold on!Yes!Well, Doc,it's destroyed.Just like you wanted.Hey, butthead,
get away...Watch it, Biff!Marty, I didn't mean
to scare you.I didn't recognize you
in those clothes.What the hell
are you doing?Just putting on
the second coat now.You going cowboy, huh?Come on, guys. We're
gonna be late for brunch.Coming, Dave.Come on, Dad,
we're not gonna holdyour reservations
all day.I can't
find my glasses.Lorraine, have you seen my glasses?They're in your
suede jacket, honey.Marty, what's wrong? We
thought you went to the lake.You wore that
to the lake?Thank God you guys
are all back to normal.Marty, who are you supposed
to be? Clint Eastwood?Right.
I gotta go get Jennifer.I really like
that hat, Marty.Thanks, Biff.Jennifer.Jen.Jennifer.Marty.I had the worst
nightmare.Marty, that dream
I had is so real.It was about
the future.About us.And you got fired.Wait a minute. What do
you mean I got fired?"Hilldale. "Hilldale!
This is where we live.I mean, this is where
we're going to live.Someday.Marty, it was a dream,
wasn't it?Hey.The big M.How's it hanging, McFly?Hey, Needles.Nice set of wheels.
Let's see what she can do.Next green light.No, thanks.What's the matter?
Chicken?Chicken McFly.Whoo!Marty, don't.Grab hold of something.Come on!
Get on!Yeah, go! Go, go, go!Did you
do that on purpose?Yeah, you think I'm stupid
enough to race that asshole?Jeez! I would have
hit that Rolls-Royce.It erased.You're right. There's not much left.Doc's never
coming back.I'm sure gonna
miss him, Jen.What the hell?Doc!Marty!Doc! Doc!Marty,
it runs on steam!Meet the family.
Clara, you know.Hi, Marty!Ma'am!These are our boys.Jules and Verne.Boys, this is Marty and Jennifer.Doc, I thought I'd
never see you again.You can't keep
a good scientist down.After all, I had to
come back for Einstein,and, well, I didn't want
you to be worried about me.Oh!I brought you
a little souvenir.It's great, Doc.
Thanks.Dr. Brown, I brought this
note back from the future,and now it's erased.Of course
it's erased.But what does
that mean?It means your future
hasn't been written yet.No one's has.Your future is
whatever you make it.So make it a good one,
both of you.We will, Doc!Stand back!All right, boys,
buckle up!Hey, Doc, where are you
going now? Back to the future?Nope! Already been there.