Do exactly as I say.Stand up slowly,
walk ahead of me and open the door.Freeze! Everybody freeze!
Nobody move!You, lock the doors.All of you, eat the floor!NOW! Now!Get your ass down here now.Lock it. Right now, lock it.Eat the floor. Move!Let's go!- Come on, move it. Go.
- Two minutes.1.45.Stay down. One minute.Thirty seconds.NOW!Time!- Move out.
- Let's go, move it!- Hey, Ace, over here.
- Hey, Vinnie.I'd very much like you to meet Judy.She can suck a golf ball
through 20 feet of garden hose.- Ain't that right?
- I'm very impressed.- Can you excuse us for a second?
- Go over there, Judy.- Can you have a seat over here, Judy?
- Go over there! Go over there!Thank you, Judy. I have business to take
care of. Where'd you find that bitch?- She's my girl.
- The bitch ain't happy. Listen.- I need some help.
- What?- I need some more credit cards.
- What?- I need a lot this time.
- How many?American Express blank credit cards.
I need 2,000 this time.- Get the fuck out of here!
- You can't handle it?If you can't handle it, I'll take my
bag of money to somebody who can.OK. You got the money?- I said I got a bag of money.
- A bag full of money.A bag this big, this wide,
full to the brim with money.- When do you need the cards?
- I need the cards in three hours.- Get out, three hours! Give me time.
- Look, man, I'm a businessman.I got to make moves.
I'm moving constantly.- Three hours!
- I'm moving all the time. Business!If you can't help me, I'll go
somewhere else. I got to move.Excuse me, I got business
to take care of.- You got the money?
- I got the money.- You got the credit cards or not?
- Listen.You meet me at this address.
Three hours.Don't have me standing around
like a fool, man.While you're messing with
the titty woman over here.- Three hours. Three hours.
- Three hours. Three hours.- Three hours. Three hours.
- Three hours.Hey, Foley, only real cops
can come in here.- I thought you were dead, Granby.
- Axel, I hate to bother you.- Get away from me.
- I have one question.- I got to go.
- I'll ask you later.You act like you never
saw nobody in a suit.Detective Axel Foley, please.Hello, there.
You've reached the homeof George Kingfish Stephens.I'm sorry I'm not in now,
but I done gone to the Lodge Hall.But if you like,
you can leave a message at the tone,and I'll get back to you
at my earliest inconvenience.- Axel, it's Bogomil.
- Hey! How you doing?I'm gonna have to cancel out
on the fishing trip.Man! I was going to teach you
how to fish, too.But that's OK, I'm up to my ass
in undercover on this credit card fake.I'm close to zooming the bastards.
How's your daughter Jan?<i>You know something,
if she didn't have a father with a gun,</i><i>- something would've happened!
- She's great, isn't she?</i>Now look, I'm into something
kind of important here.I'll fill you in as soon
as I get it straight myself.I'm late, Axel. Look,
you take care of yourself, you hear?Oh, listen, punch Rosewood in his eyeand slap Taggart
in his bald-ass head for me.Bye, Axel. I'll call you in a week.Jeffrey, I talked to Marci,
she doesn't want to meet you.Inspector Todd wants
to see you immediately.I wanted to warn you, so he doesn't
catch you off-guard.What do you mean
she doesn't want to see me?She doesn't like you.
She doesn't want to meet you.She doesn't know me.
What did you tell her?- I described you to her.
- Why? I help you.When Todd asks me what you're doing,
I say he's working 24 hours a day.Jesus, look at that watch!
Is that a Patek Philippe?Jeffrey, please, leave me alone!I got to work undercover with you.
Just once. Why not?Axel, if Marci doesn't want
to give me her number,I'll give you my number,
you just pass it on to her.I'm very close to shooting you.
Leave me alone, Jeffrey.And as far as the undercover thing goes,
I don't even care what it is,just something.
I want to be involved.- You want to work undercover?
- Yes!OK, listen, when Todd comes and
says "where am I at",tell him I'm out pursuing
my credit card bust. All right?Thank you.
Now you're undercover.LA <i>Times</i> got a letter
just like that two hours ago.He knows that, Billy.Is this guy serious?He's serious about
the way he pulled the job.He knew exactly how long
to stay inside and what to take.- Listen, captain, I have this friend...
- Wait, wait...Why are you involved with this case?I'd already assigned you and Taggart
to the Peterson extortion case.Bogomil, get your men in here.
Come on.You can't keep God waiting.I don't want to hear
that kind of talk.Come on, Andy. He's fired every cop
who worked for the old chief.The three of us are all that's left.He's still head of this department,
sergeant.Yes, sir.- Very smart, Billy.
- Listen.I have an unofficial
relationship with this dude.Dude? Dude? We're not even
supposed to be working on this case.Come on, sarge.
I know you have domestic troubles.But you got to cool out, relax.Things like this work out.
Trust me.You moron. You called the
Supervising Agent of the goddamn FBI,to help break this alphabet code?This is a local crime.
My men will solve it locally, Roseweed.- Sir, my name's not Roseweed...
- Shut up, please.And you, Captain Bogomil, this
alphabet investigation was your baby.Did you call the goddamn FBI?Did you order this Rosewood
to do that? Did you?No, sir. Captain Bogomil
didn't know anything about it.I said shut up!Sir, Captain Bogomil didn't
call the FBI. I did.I said shut up.I'm waiting on you, Andrew.Did you order him
to call the goddamn FBI or what?No, sir, but that's beside the point.No, that is exactly the point.
Thank you. You're history, kiddo.You know as well as I dothat half of police work
are cops following their hunches.They get a gut reaction to something,
they go with it.I've encouraged this in my menand I'm standing behind Rosewood
on this all the way.Good! Tell me something, Andrew.How the hell do you still consider
yourself a commanding officer?You can't even maintain a supervisory
relationship with your own personnel.And now you've superseded
the chain of command.- As of this moment, you are suspended.
- What?- Shut up!
- On what grounds?You have no knowledge of, nor control
over your own troop's activities.Goddamn it, Harold, you can't do this!I can't do it? I will not have
this investigation pissed away.This crime, this robbery, could be
a political disaster for the mayor.Have you ever heard of due process?Policy requires us to give you
a board of review within two days.You got two days.- I am fighting you on this, Harold.
- Chief Lutz to you.Where are you going?
I'm not through with you two guys.Would you two boys like to hold onto
your jobs just a little while longer?You report to traffic duty,
effective immediately.Yes, sir.- Hi.
- Hi. Trouble?Yeah.- Maybe I can help.
- It just stopped.- Is it getting gas?
- I don't know.What do you make of this, Andrew?Who the hell are you?Vinnie!<i>...Country club prison
in Allenwood, Pennsylvania,</i><i>entered the third day
of a hunger strike,</i><i>protesting the suspension
of privileges by prison authorities.</i><i>The Warden said the measures
were taken to enforce discipline,</i><i>and to teach prisoners the value
of such benefits as cable TV...</i>I hate crooks that are late.<i>Repeating now the top story
from the LA news desk.</i><i>Police Captain Andrew Bogomil has
been gunned down in broad daylight</i><i>Captain Bogomil is alive,
though he is in critical condition.</i><i>He was leading the investigation
into the so-called Alphabet crimes.</i><i>And now, Jim, back to you...</i><i>Beverly Hills Police Department.</i>This is Detective Axel Foley- of the Detroit Police Department.
- You mean the one...Yeah, that one.
I just found out what happened.Can somebody patch me
into the hospital that Bogomil's in?- Certainly, sir.
- Thank you.<i>Hello.</i>- Who's this?
- It's Jan.<i>I just found out...
I'm sorry. What happened?</i>They operated on him, Axel.<i>He's going to be OK.</i>I mean...
I think he's going to be OK.<i>Here's Billy.</i>Axel. This guy really nailed him.
He set him up. Cold blood.- Who?
- This Alphabet bandit.Are you on the case?
Who's on the case?It's all politics here now, Axel.I don't... I don't think they're
gonna let me and Taggart on it.Hold on a minute.- Hey, Ace!
- Yeah, I'll be out in a minute.Take care of Jan, all right?Axel? Axel?Hey, Ace, I'm sorry I'm late,
but I run into this broad.You're the fucking guy with the
truckload of cigarettes that day!Remember I told you about him?
He told the cops he was from Buffalo.Hey, man, take off your glasses.I thought that was you, man!
You almost got busted, I did get busted!I lost my whole investment because of
you! Vinnie, what's wrong with you?- You know I'm a businessman.
- What?You come a half hour late and on top of
all that you bring a cop with you too!What are you talking cop?
He ain't no cop.That's Dirty Harry himself. What the
fuck is wrong with you bringing him?- You callin' me a cop?
- You definitely a cop!He ain't no cop, he's my nephew.The dude is definitely bad luck.
I don't know what he is to you,- he's bad luck to me!
- I'll tell you what's bad luck.My friend's in a prison body shop
fixing all the cars he smashed.- This guy's a fucking clown.
- Wait a second.- You're the fucking cop.
- I'm checking you for a wire.- Get the fuck out of here!
- Why can't I check if he ain't a cop?If he ain't wired,
why can't I frisk him?- Come on, stop this bullshit.
- Why won't he let me frisk him?- Cut the bullshit!
- Why can't I frisk him?I got 2,000 blank American Express
cards, right now. Gold.You got the money,
you wanna do business, or what?I have the money and I do wanna do
business, but with you.I ain't doing nothing in front of this
dude, because this dude's a cop.I know when I can smell a pig. I used to
be a Muslim. I know that's pork here.Yes, pork. It's definitely pork.
I ain't doing shit around this dude.You wanna do business, you know
where to find me. Fuck you, man.You calling me a cop?
Come here! Come here!Jeff.Where have you been?
Todd's looking for you.I hope you made the bust. Did you make
the bust? I really hope you did.- Can I count on you, I can trust you?
- Of course. Yes.Are we working undercover together?
And I can trust you to be quiet?- Who are you talking to?
- OK, listen. Wait.I need you to drive the Ferrari
for a couple of days.- You want me to drive the Ferrari?
- I'm going out of town a couple days,and I need you...- I need you to drive the Ferrari.
- Drive it where?Just drive it around. But nobody can
know it's you. You have to be me.- How do I do drive the car...?
- Duck down.Scooch down inside the car like...
Drive like this.- Drive it...?
- No one can know it's you.- Please, don't tell Todd it's you.
- Just scooch down...Don't have people hanging around
the car and draw attention to yourself.- I got you.
- Have one person...Have Marci! Drive Marci in the car!She was supposed to hang out with
me this weekend.- What do you mean?
- For the car.She doesn't want to be with me,
she wants to drive in the car.- She likes the car?
- She loves the Ferrari,so drive the car with Marci.Drive with Marci, scooch down.
Don't tell anybody about this.Don't tell anybody about this, OK?I know it's a lot you don't
understand, but this is my move,this is the one that's gonna
make me cop of the month.I'm gonna take you with me.
We're gonna be there smiling together.- Beautiful.
- And I can trust you?- Yeah. Yes.
- And you're my friend?- We're undercover. You understand?
- Yes.- No.
- Good.- Inspector T, how you doing?
- Where the fuck you been, Foley?- And what the fuck is this?
- It's a blue slip.What in the hell
you need $1,000 for?- A little flash money...
- Flash money? Let's see...$2,000 for a suit. $200 for a tie.A requisition order for a Ferrari.I don't wanna see any more blue slips.When am I gonna see some arrest slips?I know you're getting upset and you
have reason to be, but I am close.I am so close now, I'm closer than
I've ever been and it's making me crazy.'Cause I can smell it. It's in the air.
I smell it.Do you smell it? 'Cause I smell it.All I smell is your bullshit.For six months, I've been
pouring money down a bottomless hole.Where are the bad guys
at the end of this rainbow?Wait a second, look. I just thought
that if there was a problem...Don't think, Axel!
It makes my dick itch.The truth is, this department's
fronted you a fortune.And my ass is on the line.
I OK'd all this shit.I must have been out of my fucking
mind to keep letting youtalk me into this shit.
But I can't pull out tillI get some kind of bust
or my career's finished.But I promise you, I won't go down
alone. I'm gonna give you three days.If I don't see some results by then,
I'm gonna cover my own ass.How do you like that arrangement?If I only have three days to do this,
I have to go deep undercover.I'm undercover deep now. This is deep.But I'm going deeper.
I don't want no more money,but I'm going
deep, deep, deep undercover.So you sign that for me, and I'm going
so deep, sir, you'll not even know...People are gonna try to page me.
"Axel?" No answer,'cause I'm gonna be deep undercover.I'm tired of your bullshit, Foley.
You got three days.If I don't see some results by then,
I'm gonna grind your ass into dog meat.- You got that?
- Deal. I'll have a dog-meat ass.Now could you please sign my
authorisation for my flash money?Just make sure nothing happens
to that Ferrari.That's a $50,000 automobile.No, no. It's $67,000. And fast.
It goes from 100 to 150 in...You just better make sure
nothing happens to it.Don't worry about a thing.
The car is safe. I'm driving the car.No one else will be in the car but me,
24 hours a day I will be in the car.I will sleep, eat, drink, shit...
No, I ain't going to shit...You thought I was going to...
I ain't gonna shit.Don't worry about a thing though.
I am on the job.Don't worry about a thing.
I am on the job.That's what I'm afraid of!He's OK.- What the hell are you doing here?
- I came as soon as I heard.- How's he doing?
- If he's strong enough to livethrough that and still be here,
he's got a chance.Look, I got to see those letters
that the guy left.- They're at the station.
- But we can't take you there.We're not even supposed to be
working on the Alphabet case.It's a new ball game out here, Axel,
and we're not invited.Neither am I,
but I got to see those letters.It's not gonna hurt to let him
see the letters.OK. But we got to be careful.Lutz is just looking for a reason
to bust our asses.Why don't y'all meet me back
at the station in about an hour?I'm going run in and say hi to Jan
and take a peek. All right?<i>H9Y-</i>- How you doing?
- OK, Axel.Come on, now, stop that.I used to get shot like this all the
time in Detroit. He'll be fine.He was talking about going fishing
until yesterday.Then he seemed preoccupied.I'm gonna come by the house
after I get settledand look around his office
a little bit, OK?Thanks, Axel.Excuse me, where are the owners
of this house?They haven't taken possession yet.They're in Hawaii for a week while the
construction's happening.Is there a foreman around?
Thank you.Everybody, stop what
you're doing, please. Stop it!Stop what you're doing!I'm Axel Foley,
Beverly Hills building inspector.Everybody, stop what you're doing.
I'd like to speak with your foreman.Everyone, stop!You! Put the bucket down!
Put the bucket down!Somebody get me the foreman.
I'd like to see the foreman.- I'm the foreman here.
- You're the foreman?- Yeah!
- I need to see the plans thenfor this house, 'cause you're
making a very big fucking mistake.- Get the plans, please. Stop working!
- Who are you?I'm Axel Foley, the Beverly
Hills building investigator.- Didn't they tell you I was coming?
- No.- They didn't?
- No!Get me the goddamn plans.
Can you guys stop working?Stop it! Stop working!
Get me the plans.- Wait a second. This is wrong.
- What do you mean?- These are the wrong plans!
- Why?- These are the old plans!
- Old?These are the old plans!
Weren't you at the meeting?- No.
- Before the Andersons went to Hawaii?- No.
- They didn't tell you to come?- No!
- I was there to change these plans.The Andersons, before they went off
to Hawaii, they changed the plans.- Man!
- The plans have been changed!There's not supposed to be
any right angles on this building.- You! You! Stop working!
- Stop working!You guys are destroying
these peoples' houses.- Wait!
- I have to change this.No right angles
this thing's round as a donut.- What are you, a fucking art critic?
- No.They got the money, wanna live in a
donut, let them live inside a donut.People get money
and lose their mind.People say "I want to live in a round
house." You got the money? Fuck it.Guys, stop it. Look, just stop it.I'm gonna have to straighten this out.
I'm gonna have to talk to my people,they'll talk to their people,
then to your peopleand maybe this get taken care of
and nobody gets fired. OK?- I just did what they showed here.
- You did the right thing,- but whoever gave you this? Asshole.
- Son of a bitch.Everybody come down, go home.
Relax. You got the week off.We'll straighten this thing out.
Just leave it in my hands.I think you should give your boys
a big round of applause.You have done a good job. Other than
the house being square,it's beautiful. You've done
a good job for yourself.Go home now and relax
for the rest of the week.I'll straighten this out.
It's Miller time.All right, thank you.So you're gonna straighten
all this stuff out?Will you stop worrying and go home?
Trust me.Could somebody clean some of this shit
up before you leave though?Lutz's computer guys are working
on the codes now.Lutz thinks he's a serial robber.
I think he's a nut case.- Lutz is a nut case.
- Not Lutz. The Alphabet bandit.I don't think so. He's too smart.
What else you guys got?These are shell casings leftover from
the first robbery at Adriano's.These are .44 auto mags.They don't even make these any more,
they're too expensive.This is a shell casing from a .308
rifle. They cut it down to fit a .44.Whoever did this shit
knew what they were doing.- Shit. Put this stuff away.
- Who's this?- I got it.
- Lutz.All right. Show time.What the hell is going on?
Who the hell are you?- Chief, this is...
- Shut up, Rosewood!My name is Johnny... Wishbone.
Johnny Wishbone.I'm a psychic
from the island of St. Croix.A psychic from St. Croix
and I read in the St. Croix Gazette,that the Beverly Hills Police having
some trouble figuring out crimes.So what I did, was come to Beverly Hills
to help the police out.They tell me they don't want my help,
don't need my help. So I'm gonna go.I'm psychic! I'm a psychic phenomenon.
Watch this. I don't know who you are,but watch this...Your name is...Lutz! Right?
Chief Lutz, that's your name.See, the name pop
inside my head like that.- And your name is...
- Biddle.Biddle, yes! See, two more seconds
and I would have said it myself.I don't need no help from no one.Because I'm Johnny Wishbone,
psychic extraordinaire.If you need me, just think
Johnny Wishbone and I come running.Lutz and Biddle, it's like
Kibbles 'n Bits, but different!Excuse me. Sorry to bother you.Your name is Johnson, right?What the hell is going on?
Is this a magic show?I'll have your badges if you don't go to
traffic duty. You hear me? Get out!I got angina the minute I saw Foley.
Axel's got nine lives. I don't.You boys ready? Let's go.Come on now, both you guys know Lutz
is a shit-for-brain tinhorn politician.His boy Biddle, he couldn't catch the
Alphabet killer if he nuked the city.We got to do this. The three of us.
All for one, one for all.And Lutz is about to fire our asses.
I'll lose my pension, my medical.I got a wife and two kids to feed, Axel.You got two kids,
not a wife and two kids.Shut up, Billy. She might come back.Maureen's divorcing him again.
She moved in with her mother.Look, two years ago,
I almost lost my job.The man put his neck
on the line for me, all right?Now he's laying in the hospital
somewhere unconscious.I'm not gonna go back to Detroit
without helping him.And what's shocking me is that his boys
don't even have any loyalty for him!OK, OK! Don't give me this crap
about loyalty though!Andy and I joined the force together.OK, OK.But if we do this, it's got to be
low-profile. Covert.Billy and I are supposed to report
to traffic duty, for Christ's sake.Give me a break.- Where'd you get that?
- Shit, Axel, you stole evidence!- There was a bunch, I only took one.
- Why?Because in police work, this is
what's known as a clue.There's only two or three people
that know how to do this quality work.We'll show it around
and see who recognises it.- Great. Who are the two or three guys?
- The fuck you asking me for?This is your town.
You should know shit like that.Wait a minute. There's a guy
at the Beverly Hills Shooting Club.Russ Fielding I think his name is.
Supposed to be the best.Let's go see Russ Fielding then.- What's in the bag?
- My vitamins.- Give them to me.
- You want my vitamins?- Give them to me. Yes.
- You want all of my vitamins?- An hour.
- Enjoy good health.Excuse me. One second.
What year is this?Seventy-three.- Yes. It is '73.
- I know.May I help you?Yes. I'm from Metalux
Explosive Research Company.You have a Russell Fielding
working here?- Yes.
- He ordered these plutonium nitrate,multi-explosive,
sound-seeking projectiles.Here they go. Have a nice day.Wait a minute.
What did you say? Metalux?Metalux Explosive Research
Company.I don't show any record
of that delivery here in my log.I think there must be a mistake.
Your company made a mistake.- I haven't. Y'all made a mistake.
- No. You don't understand.You see, I know about every delivery
that comes into here.They put it right here
in this little log. I tell you what.We'll straighten this outwith research.Let me explain something to you, OK?
This is a sound-seeking projectile.I suggest you don't use the telephone.
You don't sneeze, you don't cough.You don't do anything and if you have to
break wind, maybe a quiet, sneaky one.The slightest peep and your
designer jeans ain't fit no moreY'all can work this out after I go.
Have a nice day.Excuse me. You know what I just
realised? You could do me a big favourand just drop this off at Mr
Fielding's office on your way out.Let me explain something to you,
all right.I have a friend named Bootsie that got
killed doing some shit like this.I ain't gonna carry this
'cause y'all made a mistake.I carry from A to B.
I have nothing to do with C.OK? I have a wife and two kids.I'd like to see my twin daughters,
Monique and Unique, again.It's just right on your way out.
It's no problem.If you could just take it off my deskdrop it off at Mr Fielding's,
he can call research...What about my daughters,
Monique and Unique?What about them? What's in it for me?
What's in it for my family?- What do you want?
- What's in it for me?I'm risking my life, what's in it for
me? I have beautiful daughters.You're asking me to risk my life.
What am I gonna get out of this?Ten dollars? I have twin daughters...
with pigtails.Would you take that off my desk
and drop it off at Mr Fielding's?Please, that's all I have.
Please take it. I'm sorry, that's it.- Where's his office?
- Along the corridor, down the steps.Just right near your way out. The name's
on the office. Just over there.I'm just doing this for my kids.
This is the same way Bootsie got killed.All they found was $20
and a pair of Adidas.- Down the hallway, right?
- Along the corridor.Down the stairs.- We almost got fucked up.
- Thank you.- Shoe money for my daughters.
- Thank you.Five dollars a shoe. That's four shoes.She knew you were hard to live with
when she married you.It's her fault
for thinking you'd change.Thanks.Really admire her
for having the courage to leave youin search for better life.I'm sorry. I was trying
to make you feel better.- Do me a favour?
- Sure.Take a break from cheering me up,
will you?Keep the grip tight. There you go.Fire when you're ready.Grip down here. There you go.
All right.Keep it up and to the left.
All right?Excuse me.- Are you Russ Fielding, gunsmith?
- Yeah.<i>Have you ever seen
one of these before?</i><i>It's a .308 rifle shell
cut to fit the .44 Magnum automatic.</i>- Where'd you get this one?
- This is a Christmas gift.Charles Bronson is a close
friend of the family.He gave me this for Christmas.I'm Karla Fry, assistant manager.How are you, Karla? Nice to meet you.
Beautiful place you have here.My name's Richard James.
Very nice to meet you.Russ, could I see you for a minute?- Be right back.
- Take your time, Russ.Goddamn, that's a big bitch.- Who is that man?
- I don't know.He's got a .44 auto mag casing
from here.I saw on the monitors.
Are you sure it's ours?I made it and a whole bunch
just like it for Mr Cain.You didn't tell him that, did you?- No.
- Don't.Keep him there while I check him out.I think we have a problem. Fielding says
he's made that casing for Cain.You wanted to see me?I'd like to go over plan C and D.We've promised to deliver Thomopolis
$10 million, Friday at 6 p.m.If we fail, I stand to be
put to considerable expenseand inconvenience, to say the least.So I'd like to go over it and possibly
avoid the same mistakesthat were made on the Adriano job.What mistakes? Adriano's was perfect.Adriano's was not perfect.It was perfectly planned, but it was
executed with Neolithic incompetence.It was partly my fault.I, for some reason, assumed that
if my instructions were clear,that even you could follow them.- Obviously, I was wrong.
- I don't understand.You supplied your thugs on the
Adriano's job with guns from my club?Yes. But they were totally clean.
Nobody could ever trace them.Nobody knows that
you planned the jobs.Nobody knows that
you wrote the Alphabet notes.Karla did the job and left the notes.Then why is there a man in my clubwith shell casings
from one of my guns asking questions?I don't know.- Who is he?
- I'd say he's a cop. Wouldn't you?I don't know. I haven't seen him.Well, here he is, on television.Take a good look at him
'cause you're going to kill him.- What?
- Kill him, burn him, blow him away.So, how long would it take
to shave those legs anyway?I suppose you're trying to be charming.Actually, I'm just
offering my grooming services.I don't think so.- Chip, perfect timing for once.
- Chip Cain. I'm the manager here.How are you, Chip? It's a beautiful
place here, it's very comfortable.We do our best. Maybe you'd like
to have a guest membership.Yeah, that'd be nice, kinda like
shooting guns in the house.Where could I send you an application?1603 Hillcrest.
A big white house. Beautiful place.We'll send it along with the .44 shells.- I'll be sure to duck.
- Goodbye, Mr James.I guess that's my cue. Excuse me.You got a match? Damn.Richard James. 1603 Hillcrest Road.Right.Hey, Cain... you got a match?- Here, here, keep it
- Great.And, Jack, don't screw this up.- What about the cop in the hospital?
- He's guarded 24 hours a day.Here's the impending Alphabet note.Will they be able
to break this one?They'll crack it when we want them to.How'd it go?What would you say if I told you there
was a six-foot blonde working here?Witnesses reported a six-foot blonde
at the Adriano's robbery.- Right.
- Axel, this isn't Detroit, you know.Six-foot blonde women
grow on trees in California.He's right. They're everywhereYou guys really need me!You can't tell there's something weird
happening inside here?Why don't you meet me at my house
at 1603 Hillcrest in about an hour, OK?- Where are my vitamins?
- Oh, your vitamins...Here. Here's $20. Get some more.- My house in an hour.
- What did he do, sell them?Freeze.Damn it, Axel.
You scared the hell out of me.I'm sorry I scared you. I let myself in.
How you doing?I'm tired. I had some work
to get done at the office.You still work
at that insurance company?Did you find anything?Yeah, I found a lot of newspaper
cut-outs about oil prices dropping.- Did y'all invest in some oil stocks?
- On a cop's pay? No way.And in the same file there's an ad
for a club called 385 North.Is that one
of your father's hangouts?I think your father got shot 'cause
he was on to something.But I can't figure out what it was.Do me a favour, use your connections
at this insurance companyto find out everything you can find
out about a guy named Maxwell Dent.<i>- I'll try.
- OK.</i>You let yourself in,
you can let yourself out.- I'm gonna take a shower.
- OK.Don't shoot nobody.- This has got to be a mistake.
- There's his car.Billy, if he's here,
he must be robbing the place.Axel?Axel?I don't like this, Billy.Axel?What would he be doing here?Maybe the Pointer Sisters
live here or something.- What?!
- Out back.<i>We/come to Wheel of Fortune.
I just thought I heard Jack say...</i>Hey! Watch out.
The deck's very slippery.There's beer in the refrigeratorand if you like, you can go behind
the bar, make yourself martinis.Wait a second. You're all on duty.
No martinis for you.Perrier water is what you want.I got some swimming trunks in the
bedroom. Dive in the pool. Come on.Party time!What are you doing
in a place like this?What are you talking about?
A place like what?- Like this. Swimming pool, Jacuzzi.
- What? I'm spoiling myself rotten.Oh, you mean the construction?
I'm very embarrassed about that.What I'm trying to do is just confine
myself to the other five bedrooms,I'm used to compromising my lifestyle.Bullshit. You've stolen this house.How the fuck can you steal a house?
It's my uncle's house.- Is he in rock 'n' roll?
- No!Look at the big titties. Look at this,
titties, orange juice, beer...Will you go put your trunks on
and get in this pool?I want you out of this pool
and this house in seven minutes.You're still a goddamn police officer,
for Christ's sake!You're gonna get us all in deep shit.I love when you talk dirty.
Get your mad ass in this pool with me.Axel, get out of the goddamn pool!I told you the deck was slippery.Hey, Taggart! What's taking you so long?What do you think? Sharp?Go right in, Mr President.
Go in and relax. Have fun.Excuse me. Who are you?
And who are those people?I'm his representative.
Do you know who that is there?That's former president
Gerald Ford there.It doesn't look like Gerald Ford.Have you ever seen Gerald Ford
with his make-up off? No, probably not.This is what the man looks like now,
that's the ex-president.He came here tonight 'cause he couldn't
get out when he was running the country.Now he's a civilian, and it's his right
to shake his ass like everybody else.I said, "Where you wanna go?" He said,
"I wanna go 385 North", I said,"Let's go".
Get the Secret Service men...We came to party at 385 North.
You should be proud to have him here.- It's our pleasure to have him.
- Thank you very much. Excuse me.- Can I have a Coke with no ice?
- One Coke, no ice, coming up.- There you go.
- Who's the popular blond?That's Nik Thomopolis.
He owns this place.- That's seven bucks, buddy.
- For a coke?I can get blown for seven dollars.Things are getting pretty crazy,
huh, sarge?We're getting in deep with Axel again.We'll probably be directing traffic
the rest of our lives anyway.- To hell with it. To Bogomil.
- To Bogomil.Drinks are on the house,
President Ford.What? My name's John Taggart.That's the name he's using now.
His marriage is breaking up.The judge awarded her the name for use
at the Betty Ford Clinic and stuff.You're much better looking in person.Does the name Thomopolis
mean anything to you guys?Yeah. He's the biggest arms dealer
on the West Coast.- Do I really look like Gerald Ford?
- Y'all both look like Gerald Ford.Come on. Let's go.Gun!Go!Move it. Get out of here!Jesus, Billy! Come on, Axel.Watch yourself.
Anybody in there?What the fuck is going on here?Whoever it was got away clean.What the hell are you still doing here?I checked with immigration. They never
heard of a Johnny Wishbone!You're illegal, buster.I wanna know who the hell you are and
what the hell you're doing here!Right now!I'm a cop. I didn't tell you before
'cause I knew you'd be upset.This is a Detroit badge. What the hell
are you doing in Beverly Hills?Well... I'm attached to
a multi-jurisdictionalFederal task force on organised crime,and my code name...
code name is Wishbone.Look, I'm the goddamned
chief of police here.If there is a Federal task force,
I want to know about it!Well, what you can do, sir,
is you can call back to Detroit tomorrowand ask for an Inspector Todd.He'll tell you all about...
My real name is Axel Foley.Quiet as it's kept.
My name's Axel Foley.Call there between the hours
of nine and ten, Detroit time,he'll tell you
everything you need to know.Right now, I have the rest of my case
to finish, so excuse me.And you two, what the hell
were you two doing here?Just checking parking meters
in the area?- Well, sir...
- We're off duty, sir. I live nearby.Now listen, if I catch either one of you
doing anything except traffic duty,I'm gonna have the both of you
investigated and suspended!Well, sir, technically,
this is traffic duty.Technically, you're a goddamn idiot.
Get out of here, Taggart!- Yes, sir.
- Jesus Christ...Are you sure you got super glue
in this house, Rosewood?- Yeah.
- Yo, man...<i>This is Wild Kingdom.</i>I tried to create
a stress-free environment.Well, you have.These are my friends. That's Sydney.
He's a Wandering Jew.This is Mona.Hi, baby. They actually
like different kinds of music.If I play the Beatles,
the begonias perk up.If I play Beethoven, they wither.The ferns very definitely
like the Boston Pops.But everybody loves Mozart.Who's this?Big Al. Had him about six years.
Isn't he great?- What kind of music does he like?
- James Brown. Drives him nuts.Is that turtle shit in there?- Turtles are amazing to me.
- What are you doing?I'm curious to know where...
where his dick is at.Give me him. You know where
your dick is, don't you, Big Al?- Do turtles have dicks?
- How's it hanging, buddy?- Give me that super glue.
- OK.Billy's really......out there, isn't he, Axel?
- Billy's pretty fucked up.- I heard that.
- I know you heard. I was joking.Give me the super glue.- Hey, what's that music from?
- The Dating Game.Let's give Billy a big Dating Game kiss.
Where's your telephone?- In the bedroom.
- Where, in the alligator pit?Jesus, Billy.- Hello?
- <i>Jeff? Axel.</i>Axel, it's 1.00 in the morning.Jeffrey, stop talking.
How's the Ferrari?Ferrari's great. What a great car!
Do those seats go back at all?I was with Marci trying to get the seats
back. I don't know if they're stuck.You and Marci can't do freaky shit in
that car. Do something for me.Something you don't want to do,
but you gotta do it.Am I going to get in trouble?- You see that?
- Weird.It's not weird. It's very simple.What happens is
the fumes from the super glueattaches itself to the acid
from the fingerprints.See? It's an old street cop trick.Hasn't filtered down to you boys
down in Beverly Hills yet.- Now all we have to do is match it.
- Could use the computer downtown.No.There's not gonna be anybody
there this time of night, sarge.Shit.
There goes my medical insurance.You know, you can be
such a pussy sometimes.- Really.
- Let's go.You boys definitely
get an A in high-tech.It takes 60 cops
to do this shit back in Detroit.Charles Cain.
Used to be Charles Campos.This Charles Cain. I just met this guy.
He works in the Beverly Hills Gun Club.- He does?
- Yeah!Charles Cain. This ain't the guy
we're looking for, the dude is a weasel.- This is not a master criminal at all.
- Well, that's his print.There's something wrong here.This guy had nothing to do
with Bogomil getting shot.If he suspected this dude, he'd have had
him picked him up in 20 seconds.Well, let's put an APB out on Cain.We can't. All we got is fingerprints.
We don't have enough evidence.- We need something else.
- What are we gonna do now?Let's go to the Gun Club.Wait. It's 11.00.
The Gun Club's closed.' $0?
' $0?This is a big mistake. A big mistake.This is definitely breaking the law.Once we cross the line,
there's no way back.<i>I'll go.</i><i>I'll go.</i>See? Would you lighten up
and take some risks?Fuck it. Let's go.- Shit. Alarm tape.
- There are ways around alarm tape.If we open this door now,the connection's gonna break
between the magnets.If we use this foil......and you squeeze
it between the two magnets,then take your gum
to hold it in place...Now the magnets have the illusionthat the connection's
never been broken.Then we take our knife...Open the door without...We walk in
without the alarm going off.Looks like you've done that before.Well, I wasn't always a police officer.I fractured a law or two
when I was a kid.- Can I have a piece?
- It's my last one.Split it.None for you.- What are we looking for?
- A needle in a haystack.Give me some light over here.Shit.Here you go.- What the hell is that?
- What?- That knife.
- It's mine.- Home protection.
- Billy, we got to talk.- Did you get it?
- Yeah.- What is that?
- Looks like a needle in a haystack.Map coordinates?- Yello?
- Is this Inspector Todd- of the Detroit Police Department?
- Yes, it is.I'm sorry to be
bothering you at home, sir.My name is Lionel Hand.I'm with
the FBI Enforcement Bulletin.<i>- I read it all the time.
- Thank you very much, sir.</i>We're proud of it ourselves.
Don't touch the leather, sweetheart.My director has asked me to interviewan exceptional local
law enforcement officer,and I'll tell you what,
your name came up on our computer.- Is that right?
- I realise this is short notice,but I was wondering if you could
possibly meet me this morningfor breakfast at my office?
How's 9.00?Yeah. I'll be there.Thank you. My pleasure.Ring.Here's your coffee, sir.Once a week. Just once a week,
I'd like tea.- Do you know what I mean?
- Yes, sir.- That too much to ask?
- Not at all.Come on, come on...All right, goddamn it, who tricked
my ass?- 4-4-0...
- Please, please,don't confuse me while
I'm dialling. All right?<i>- Yeah, this is Todd.
- Inspector Todd?</i>- That's what I said.
- This is Harold Lutz.I'm chief of the Beverly Hills
Police Department.<i>Do you have an officer working in your
command by the name of Axel Foley?</i>Yes, I do, he's under my command.
But he's assigned to somegoddamned multi-jurisdictional,
Federal task force on organised crime.I never know where the hell he is or
what the hell he's doing.It's a real pain in the ass for me.
I can not control the son of a bitch.He reports directly to the Feds.
I have to go now. Bye.What the hell are you
doing in here?- This is not my office.
- You damn right it isn't.I want to check out these
coordinates, see if they intersect.What makes you think
they mean anything?9752 Gregory Way.- City Deposit.
- What's City Deposit?It's a Federal Reserve bank,
where banks take their money.I bet you 100-to-1
that's the next place that gets hit.Unit 21, handle. Unit 22, assist.
City Deposit, 341 Gregory.Lines are down. Unable to verify.Can't this car go any faster than this?Come on, guys. Come on.Here it is. I got it.Come on, out of the hole.
Come on, move it.Move it! Come on.
Let's do it.OK. Here we go.Three minutes!Sarge, will you just
relax and trust me?Trust you?
You drive worse than Maureen.No way!Just tell me where
the seat belt is at!- It's a red light! It's red!
- It's green! It's green!- It was red. OK.
- It was yellow!Two-thirty.Some kind of construction.Shit!- Hey, Taggart, you coming or not?
- I'm coming!Don't wait for me, goddamn it!Two minutes.What's that for?After the shootout at the club,
I figured I needed more firepower.Yo, man, we got to talk seriously.Who do you think you are?
Clint Eastwood? Dirty Rosewood?One-thirty.Hey! Sound the alarm.
You got a break-in.I need authorisation.Authorised!Fuck! Get out of here!Come on! Go! Go! Go!Get out! Get out! Go!Rosewood, get some wheels.- Well, this is pretty sporty!
- Don't complain! It's all I could find.Billy!Shit!Police business! I need the car!I'm a police officer!God. Here I go again.Come on, let's go!- You just hit a squad car!
- I know, it's OK. I know the guy.He's a jerk!- Does the steering wheel work in this?
- I'm steering!- Well, do the brakes work?
- I don't know. I haven't tried them.Shit, we should have went left.Fuck!Are you driving with your eyes open,
or are you using the Force?Stop! There's the truck.Now what?- This was the pick-up vehicle.
- Let's follow it as far as it goes.Sarge? You old bloodhound!Billy, isn't '£his...?- Yeah.
- No.Yo, yo, yo. What the fuck is up, man?
Check this out.I get $10 for cars, I get $20 for limos.
What the hell is this?My truck.Here's $50. Put it next to a limo.Let me call you back, OK.- I'm here to clean the pool.
- Your name, sir?- I'm the pool cleaner.
- The pool was cleaned yesterday.Yes, the pool was clean yesterday.
Today the pool is dirty.Somebody made a mistake in the pool.
I'd like to go clean the pool.What do you mean by "mistake"?Someone had a little... how we say......accident in the pool.
- Accident?You want me to spell it out?
There's something floating in the pool.- What?
- You what it's like, wild partiessomebody got drunk
and shit in the pool. OK?- I'm here to clean the shit up.
- I see...I ain't happy about it,
I'm not thrilled, but it's my job.You had to write these names down,
I have to clean pools. Where's the pool?Who are these two gentlemen with you?They're with Board of Health. They're
making sure I do the job thoroughly.It would be embarrassing to dive in...
I don't want to talk about it.If you like, I can bring it by
and you can verify it afterwards.- No, that's fine.
- Excuse me.Jesus Christ!Wake up!
This is what we always talked about.Look alive,
you may never see it again.I don't want to step
on your tongues. Excuse me.Why aren't my parties like this?You got to die sometime.
Might as well be here.- What are we supposed to be doing?
- Whoever took that truck is here.How are we supposed to find them?Follow your dick.That looks like
the girl from the Gun Club.- With Dent and Thomopolis?
- Yeah, the big bitch over there.Max! How'd you get in here?Forget I asked. I see how you got in,
it's the suit. Nice suit, Max.I don't know who this person is,
but he is annoying us.- May I see your invitation, please?
- Excuse me.- I haven't begun to annoy you yet.
- What's going on?It's Max. You know, you guys should
look at your guest list more carefully,'cause Max ain't supposed
to be in here. You know why?- Are we having a problem?
- Hef! Hugh Hefner! Axel Foley!I'm sorry, I feel like I know you
already 'cause...You know how many times
I put your magazine up...Forget about it, not important. I wanna
give you some background on your guests.This is Thomopolis, he's into guns
and drugs. Hugh Hefner.And this is Max,
and Max kills cops for a living.I don't know him or you.I think it's time
that all of you left.I happen to be a major contributor.We appreciate it. Goodbye.Yes, he appreciates it, Max,
but take your ass home.You outdone your welcome
and stayed too long.But it's been real, it's been nice.Everybody, party's over!Max fucked it up for everybody,
so let's just go home.We'll go ahead as planned.
Get Cain to prepare E.You picked Dent's pocket?I told y'all I wasn't always a cop.Yeah, I know, you fractured
an occasional law when you were a kid.This is not good. This is not good.See? Every now and then,
an occasional long shot pays off.This is Dent's accountant,
Sidney Bernstein.Anything Dent's into,
he's gonna have a record of it.So we just go visit him
tomorrow morning.It's all we got to go on.There's no B and D,
I'm looking for something.And what about that
goddamned cement truck?What about that, Rosewood?
Talk to me!- I have a theory on that, chief.
- OK.I think the cement truck
was a tactical decoy.- A decoy?
- A decoy.A diversion to protect
the criminals' getaway.That's why it rammed the police car.Have you submitted yourself
for drug testing yet?I want you in by Thursday.
Do you understand me?Are you aware, do you have any idea,
that whoever was in that cement truckfoiled the goddamn crime?- Do you?
- Putz.- Did you say something, Taggart?
- He called you putz.I didn't call him a putz,
I called you a putz.He's right. Putz.And you. You, Mr Scribbler... What
the hell were you doing there, Foley?- Aren't I a police officer, too?
- Remains to be seen.Did you call Inspector Todd
back in Detroit for me?I called your inspector.
He doesn't like you very much.- Gentlemen, gentlemen.
- Do you hear this insubordination?Yes, and I've never heard
such inexcusable abuse.Whatever's happened,
the fact remainsthat the robbery
was foiled and the money was saved.- I understand here...
- No! If I were you,I'd concentrate everything I've got
on cracking this codeand determining where
the E crime will be.There can't be that many prime targets
beginning with E, so find them.- I will, Ted.
- Mayor!Yes, mayor.And you! I want you out of here!Get out of here, you degenerate!You're not even
part of this department!- Is this a black thing?
- Out.Weren't you supposed
to leave for Detroit, Axel?Yeah. Today at noon.Well, you're not going to make it.You're going to get fired.We started this together,
we're gonna finish together.Check this thing out and see
if Sydney Bernstein owns a car.- Give me a pen. Give me a pen!
- Come on, Axel...Eighty-six Mercedes.
Licence number CRL 507.Naturally, I can see... I mean,
I understand. Somebody... Wait...Come right in! Don't let the fact
that my door's closeddissuade you in any way
from entering my office.Sir, we're with the Beverly Hills
Police. Are you Mr Sidney Bernstein?Yes. Lucky guess.Well, sir, you have
25 unpaid parking tickets.- We've a warrant for your arrest.
- Twenty-five? What 25?- You have 25 unpaid parking tickets.
- I pay my tickets.I pay all my tickets!Sir, do you own a black Mercedes Benz,
license plate number CRL 507?- 507? That's my wife's car.
- You have 25 unpaid parking tickets.It's under my name, but it's
my wife's car! No, no, no! Bitch!Tickets haven't been paid.
That means you're liable.- Can you cuff Mr Bernstein, please?
- Cuff me?There are people out there with
chainsaws! You're cuffing me?Sir, you have 25 unpaid tickets and it's
your car. So we have to take you in.Wait a second. I've got an idea.Is there something
that I have in this officethat I could hand to you
and that would make you kind of forgetthat you're holding those
little pink tickets there?What are you trying to say, sir?Like, you'd be holding
something in that handand this hand you'd forget about.
This hand you'd be concentrating on,that hand you'd go, "What did
I have there? I don't even remember."Oh, you mean like if I had...- two hundred dollars in this hand?
- Ouch! Let go of my arm.Two hundred dollars? Please, I'm robbing
you. That's what I'm doing.Here's one, here's two.
They're real crisp.- Well, now that you think about it...
- Yes, yes?I have to use your computer because
I have to wipe all evidenceof this transaction out, you know.- No problem. No problem at all.
- Thank you, Sidney, so much.- Certainly. Certainly.
- Thank you. Also, one other thing.- Yes, yes, yes.
- I'm sure a man of your positionunderstands my contact at headquarters
wouldn't want his name to be known.- Don't I know it.
- Could you excuse me while I...Yeah, it's secretive. It's like
a James Bond thing! Yes, yes.- Thank you.
- No problem!Hey, no problem at all.
Anything you want to use.- I can't believe...
- I don't want to hear it, Billy.- Hey, Jan, Axel. How you doing?
- Hi, <i>Axel.</i>- What have you got?
- Strange.Before 1978, everything's blank.<i>It's classified,
but its policy date is 1974.</i>So I checked
our foreign office in Londonand found out something
very interesting.<i>Dent was the cultural attache to the
East German embassy in Honduras.</i>He's got a racetrack, shooting club,drilling rig companies,
an oil company.<i>- Oil company?
- Several. That's his biggest business.</i>But from the looks of these records,
seems like Dent's in trouble.<i>- What do you mean?
- He's let his insurance lapse</i><i>on everything in the last six months.</i>Dent Petroleum, even the shooting
club. All his businesses except one.<i>- Which one is that?
- The racetrack. Empyrean Fields.</i>He's got a huge policy
on that one, Axel.Good, good, good, good, good.
OK. Great. Hey, Bogomil,- when your father wakes up...
- He's better. He's up and around.OK. Tell him you found his man.- OK.
- Bye-bye.Empyrean Fields.He's not gonna rip off
his own racetrack.- He would if it was insured.
- So, what was in the files?My hunch is we won't find any
oil field equipment if we find Dent.What do you mean "if" we find him?Dent's visa application to Costa Rica
had today's date on it.- Yeah?
- If we don't step on it,I think he's out of here.I... I don't know what happened
on the City Deposit, Max.- And the Foley hit?
- I don't know.That's why I need you
to go along personallyto make absolutely certain
nothing goes wrong.I'm on the team, of course.- Hey! Hey, hey!
- What, what?- I broke it.
- You broke it!You son of a bitch.
You beat the computer?- What's it say?
- It says..."Screw you cops. Signed, Carlos".- ...Ain't cops.
- It means "pigs".- Another word for cops.
- Wait a minute, Carlos?It is Cain. Charles Cain.
Carlos is Spanish for Charles.Cain changed his name.He's probably a poor kid who didn't
want to grow up to be a poor man.So Charles Cain is the Alphabet robber?I ain't said that. The first code
was very hard. This is really easy.Whoever did this
wanted the cops to figure it.Don't tell me, Axel,
you ran numbers too?- I wasn't always a cop.
- He fractured an occasional law.<i>The horses have now
reached the starting gate.</i>Freeze! Hit the floor!
Freeze, goddamn it!One-thirty.One-fifteen.Thirty seconds.Time!Goodbye, Mr Cain.<i>...Winning it by a nose...</i><i>...was second and
Marshall's Madness came in third.</i>- I'm afraid our horse didn't come in.
- Cain's did.<i>The result is now official.
The winner, Johnny's Dilemma...</i>- Police officers!
- Police!We're a little late.All I can tell you right now
is that we are confidentthat we have identified
the Alphabet bandit.The man was shot dead
at the scene this morningby security guard Jack Stiles.In his latest robbery attempt,
the man was fatally wounded.So I give you my oath right here
there will be no F crime.We personally,
my own computer team personallycracked the Alphabet bandit's code
this afternoon.All of the notes, mind you,
were signed "Carlos", right?Carlos, which, as you all know,
is Spanish for Charles.Do you hear what I'm saying?- If Cain's the man, where's the money?
- Where's Dent?You said he was shipping oil equipment
to Central America.Yeah, but how? Where?- Let's put an APB out on Dent.
- For what reason?- Hey, where'd you get that?
- What?It's coming from there.Excuse me.
How did the mud get on the horse?He was grazing in the pasture.- Where's the pasture at?
- There. Dent's oil field.Bogomil had that red mud
all over his sneakers.My hunch is somebody gave him a tip, he
came here and they tried to waste him.- Who pulled the Alphabet jobs?
- Dent's going broke, OK?So what he does is he heists some bank,
heists some jewellery,then throws this easy code at the cops
and puts Cain's name on it.It was real simple.
You frame Cain, kill Cain,Cain's the Alphabet killer,
Dent gets away scot-free, case closed.Why would an oilman risk all this,
even if he was down on his luck?Dent's not buying oil equipment,
he's buying guns from Thomopolis.Probably selling to his contacts or some
shit like that in Central America.Why isn't he just splitting
with the stolen cash?Dent could buy guns here for a million
and sells them there for 10 million.- Look at all that oil.
- I don't see oil.I see trucks.Come on, Billy.
Billy, what are you doing?I've been wanting to wear this
for a while, Sarge.What are you, nuts? Jesus Christ,
Billy, we gotta to talk.What the hell is this?You can never have
too much firepower.- Come on!
- Shit.Bogomil was here.- Hey! You like rap music?
- Yeah.You like rap music?
Well, turn around real slow then.I'm from the Rap Coalition of America.
Take that gun off, throw it over there.Throw the gun over there.
If you like rap music so much,- how come you ain't you smiling?
- I'm smiling.Smile. Smile real big.
Let's do a rap together.<i>Yo, baby, yo, baby, Yo</i><i>Say. . -</i>- Those look like oil pumps to you?
- It looks like World War Ill.- Here, Billy.
- What?You don't have one of these, do you?You guys hang around the back, OK?
I'm gonna go check out the front.Yeah.- Billy, what are you doing?
- Element of surprise.What? Are you nuts?Fool the connecting wire
into thinking it's still intact.These documents are self-explanatory,
they'll make your life a lot easier.They require your signature.You still got that thing?It's a bad idea. Of all the ideas
you had, this is the worst.- Sure you know what you're doing?
- Trust me.Come on, Axel!Get him!Get down!"Pull pin".- Billy, what are you doing?
- "Extend".- "Pull open and..." Wow!
- Billy!"Release safety".Billy!Aim through there, push this.Fuck Rambo.Try and get
the other truck out of here.- Cover me.
- Go, Axel!- Let's get the hell out of here!
- Hold it!- Stay right there!
- Freeze!All right! Lay your weapons down!Mr Foley.You involved yourself in business
that doesn't concern you.That was a mistake.Goodbye, Mr Foley.Women.Come on, let's go.- Police! You're under arrest!
- I think they know that, Billy.Drop your weapons!
Put your hands on your heads!- They got their hands up, Billy.
- What took you guys so long?Shit. We're in trouble now.
Goddamn it! Axel's AWOL.Maybe we can get out of this if we keep
our mouths shut. Don't say anything.What the hell have you done here?Looks like a goddamn war zone.
What the hell have you done, Taggart?- We solved the Alphabet crimes.
- You shut up!Who the hell is talking to you?I personally solved the Alphabet case
up in a body bag over an hour ago.And you! I don't give a goddamn what
agency you say you're working for.You're in jail, buddy.- Chief...
- Shut up.What the hell are you think you're
doing, bringing a fire fight to my city?- You're out of the cop business!
- Will you just listen a minute?- You shut your mouth once and for all!
- No goddamn it! You shut up!This is what the Alphabet crimes
are all about... guns!That guy sold them,and Dent bought them with stolen money
from Adriano's at his own racetrack.He was on his way to Central America.And if you'd bothered to
take your head out of your ass,you'd see we solved
the whole goddamned thing!- You watch yourself
- Lutz, why didn't I know about this?Because Chief Lutz doesn't have the guts
to hear the truth from real cops.That's why we had to go undercover
with Foley to solve this case.That cuts it, Taggart!
You're fired!- Yeah? Kiss my ass!
- Kiss mine! You're fired, too!- Lutz...
- Isn't that right?...I think I've had it
with your abusive attitude.I'm sorry. I get carried away.- You're fired. Do you understand?
- Don't overreact, Ted.You're fired.
I want you out of here now.Get out of here! Fired!- You'll regret this, Ted.
- I've regretted it for two months.You too. You're out of here.
Will you get out?- Are they civilians now?
- You bet.I'm gonna kick your ass later!Axel, thank you so much, really.I've gotta go to a charity meeting,food for the homeless for Beverly Hills.I'd like to make a donation. Here's $200
in the name of Sidney Bernstein.That's my alias.
I don't like a lot of publicity.Thank you, Axel...
I mean, Sidney Bernstein.- Thank you, gentlemen.
- Thank you, sir."If you get your head
out of your ass long enough"?"Kiss my ass"?You're getting more and more
like me every day.Next thing you know, you'll have
afros... Big dicks and all.Axel.- You make chief of police yet or what?
- That's right.So you are the new chief of police?Inspector Todd?
Ted Egan, mayor of Beverly Hills.I said to your mayor we're very thankful
you allowed Foley to help us.According to him, he acquired all his
skills under your expert tutelage.Certainly. He's just arrived.Hi!Expert tutelage? What the fuck
have you been telling them?Let me talk to him.
When you're done, let me talk.Now that you're done
being a California hero,you better get your ass home
back here to your real job.Yeah, OK. I'm leaving now.In fact, my ass left already.
I got to catch up with it.One other thing, your secret undercover
partner Mario Andretti Friedmanwrecked the goddamn Ferrari.Here, you talk to Jeffrey.Axel, it wasn't my fault.
There was a bus coming...Hello? He hung up. Hello?Come on, Axel,
you don't have to go home now.Let's go down to Mexico
and catch another marlin.I ain't going fishing,
it's too tiring.I'm going back to Detroit for some
good old-fashioned street violence.Come with me. Your wife left you.
Come hang out. I know a lot of girls.- Maureen came back.
- Did she really? Congratulations.See, the people you least expected,
they're studs.The man's a stud
and we ain't even know it.All this time, swingin',
and we ain't even know it.- Couldn't live without you?
- Her mother didn't have cable TV.Don't think it was your mother's
cable TV. Your cable brought her back.- I'm off.
- Thanks a lot, Axel.You don't gotta thank me.
I love you guys.- See you around.
- Be cool, man.Anything we can do for you?Yeah. Why don't you take care of my
uncle's house till he gets back.Hey, Axel, that's not really
your uncle's house, is it?Yeah. Trust me.All right, what the hell
is going on here?Who are you guys?
Who's that black guy?