♪ When the moon ♪♪ Is in the seventh house ♪♪ And Jupiter aligns with Mars ♪♪ Then peace will find the planets ♪♪ And love will steer the stars ♪♪ This is the dawning ♪♪ Of the Age of Aquarius ♪♪ Age of Aquarius ♪♪ Aquarius ♪♪ Aquarius ♪♪ Harmony and understanding ♪♪ Sympathy and trust abounding ♪♪ No more conflicts or division ♪♪ Only living dreams of vision ♪♪ Mystic crystal revelation ♪♪ And the mind's true liberation ♪♪ Aquarius ♪♪ Aquarius ♪♪ When the moon ♪♪ Is in the seventh house ♪♪ And Jupiter aligns with Mars ♪♪ Then peace will find the planets ♪♪ And love will steer the stars ♪♪ This is the dawning ♪♪ Of the Age of Aquarius ♪♪ Age of Aquarius ♪My good brother.♪ Aquarius ♪Uh-huh. That's it?No suitcase, huh?Let's get out of here.Don't smoke in the car.- Good afternoon, Miss Graves.
- Hello.How nice to see you.
The gentlemen are expecting you.- Should I take your coat?
- No, thank you.Brad, Dex.
Sorry I can't stay for lunch.I have to fill in for a partner
at a board meeting.Nothing for me.
No. Maybe a Diet Coke.Make that Evian water.No, I'll have San Pellegrino
and water, no ice.- You got it?
- Got it.Here's the deal.
There's no deal.- My client balked.
- What do you mean?I tried to sell it. She wouldn't do it.
She thinks her company's worth more.- She thinks or you think?
- On second thought, that looks interesting.Tell us what you want, Marianne.
And don't say...Smoked chicken?I got to make a phone call.Hey, it's just us here.
What are you looking for?I'm looking for
a world of fair play,where the corporate
big guys don't always get their way.Still beating up
your ex-husband?Ooh! You're going
to pay for that one.Who's her husband?Me and my big mouth.Hey, Pookie!Don't call me Pookie.I just meant to be affectionate.
What's the matter, babe?I'm in a meeting, and I
don't have a lot of time,but do you rememberwhen you said you wanted
to have sex with me in some weird place?How about Detroit?Too kinky.
Anyway, I'm socked in.They're installing
my big screen on Sunday,and I got the Mile-High Mall
presentation next week.What can I do
by myself in Detroit?Buy a Chevy.
Prove you're American.I don't love you,
and I won't miss you.Call me when you arrive.Bye.Ah, shiver me timbers.Ah, welcome, lads! Welcome!Mr. Sorenson and Mr. Diggs.Mr. Sorenson, Mr. Diggs,
go right in. Enjoy the party.♪Thank you very much.
It will be taken care of.My pleasure.What happened, boss?They go for it?They're crazy not to.What do these Colombians want?
It's foolproof.We got all the customs agents.
We got the border guards.Everything's in place.We got a little problem.
A cloud over us.The cartel's made an offer
of 50 million.They'll keep it
on the table for 30 daysif we can make
this problem go away.They know about Jarmin, right?It's time to finish it.We got to take him out.Easier said than done.We'll do it ourselves this time,
make sure it gets done right.Lovely day.But we have a little cloud...
to blow away.♪ And when it's time to leave ♪♪ Then I hope
you'll understand ♪♪ That I was born
a ramblin' man ♪Closing down, Billy Ray.Nobody driving
in this bad weather tonight.Why don't you give up on that tank,
and come to the house for dinner?It's no good,
you being alone so much.Been in town three months.
You haven't made one friend.At least none I've seen.Why don't you wash up,
come to the house and meet the missus?You hear me, Billy Ray?I'm turning down this radio.Billy Ray?
You gone to sleep there?Aah!Help me, Marvin!Help me, Marvin.
Get me out of here!Hold on, bro!Oh, God!
Help me, Marvin!Get me out of here!- Damn it!
- Get this thing off of me!Oh, Marvin, what am I going
to do with no legs?Ha ha ha ha.Look at your face!Something wrong
with your brain, boy?I'm sorry, man. I gotta do something
to break up the monotony around here.Oh, you're bored, huh?I'm bored as hell.
Oh, don't take it personal, Ol' Marvin.I'm just a restless guy.That's why I travel around so much
like I told you.I guess I get it from my daddy.He sold hairbrushes in Kentucky.I thought you said
he raised hogs in Tennessee.Oh, he raised hogs,
then he sold hairbrushes.You'll bullshit
at the drop of a hat.You can't say you never pulled
anybody's leg before.I'll get it.
I'll get it.And, Marvin, thank you
for that dinner invitation.- Can I help you, ma'am?
- Unleaded, please.Unleaded. All right.Hey, is that WJBL on the radio?I have no idea.That's what it is, all right.That's the Sixties station.I'll listen to that all day.You know what
they say about the Sixties?If you can remember them,
you wasn't there.Ha ha ha ha.You want me to check
under the hood, ma'am?No. It's rented.You come to Detroit
and you rent a beemer?That's like going to Germany
and eatin' Jimmy Dean sausages.In Tennessee,
I never saw cars like this.I was 22 before I knew
foreigners made cars.Are you from Tennessee?Yes, ma'am.
I'm a Southern boy.What's your name?Billy Ray.Named after both scoundrels my mama
thought might have been my daddy.Uh, is that cash or card, ma'am?Ma'am?Rick?Beg... Beg your pardon?Will MasterCard do?It'd be just fine.You know, you remind me
of someone a lot.I do?Yeah. A boy. A man.Named Rick Jarmin. His plane went down
in the mountains of Mexico.15 years ago.- I never went to Mexico...
- You laugh like him.- I didn't mean to.
- You look like him.I don't know what to tell you.
Want to sign that?Well...you have a nice day, then.- Billy Ray?
- Ma'am?Do you have a tattoo?A tattoo? No.Your upper right arm?
A dove?No. I don't have a tattoo.I'm not leaving
till you show me.Hope nobody's looking.There. Satisfied?Right arm.I got some shrapnel there.
I took that in Vietnam.- It's all down my right side.
- I'm sorry.My friend would have
never been in that war.Meaning what?Oh...he was very much
against killing.I'd like to help you, but all I know
is that Officer Baird is retired.His cases are referred
to other officers.That's not possible. He would not
have retired without telling me.He's handled my case
for 15 years.Give me your current name
and I.D. Number.I'll contact
your new case officer.With all due respect,
I don't know who you are.If I identify myself, you'll know
everything from my rising signto the color of my shorts.- Hold, please.
- Hang on! Damn it! Hello?Excuse me, Counselor.- Yeah?
- That call you've been waiting for?He's on the line. He won't give me
his current name or location.He's demanding
to talk to Lou Baird.Rick? How you doing?
This is Joe Weyburn. Remember me?I set you up at that one-hour photo lab
in Cleveland.1978, was it?
No, it was 1979.I don't remember you.You know us FBI guys...
we all look alike.Ooh. You are one rolling stone,
aren't you? Where are you now, Rick?Where's Lou? Why did he retire?
He would have told me.- Why didn't he do that?
- To tell you the truth, he lost you.He lost... He lost me?That's why we retired him.
That's why I'm on the case.Where is he?
Where did he retire to?Where did he retire to?He once gave me a number,
his sister's place in St. Louis.He went there on vacations.
Is that where he is? Am I getting warm?He's out of the picture, Rick.Are you in some kind of trouble?Uh, no. No, not at all.
Where's Sorenson?Still safely in jail
as far as I know.Here he is.Well, you got nothing
to be worried about.He's never getting out.What about his partner?Diggs.Yeah.Unless he's made
another pass at you,he's probably got his drug money
and living well in South America.We have no idea where he is.That's a relief.So what is it, pal,relocation time?Yeah, I guess.
Where can you put me?Where are you?
What name are you using?Come on, buddy.
I'm just trying to do my job here.Bowers. Billy Ray.I live above Marvin's Motown Motors,
1840 Canoga Street, Detroit.Did you get that?
I'm not repeating it.Somebody recognized me today.
I want to leave before they come back.Right. Um...Two days, Rick.Two days?Hang on, and we'll have somebody
come on in and get you.Okay. I'll be hanging.The dramatic drop
in the second quarterreflects not only
the negative effectof the strengthening dollarbut an upsurge
in competitive productionin European and Asian markets.Add this to the surcharge
imposed by EEC nations,it seems clear that to preserve
the profits our shareholders expect,we must cut
our per-unit production cost.Though our rising costs
will be defrayedby the acquisition
of Coleman Shipping,you should be clear on the fact
that the amount covers less than 40%of that ground...I got it!
I got it!Jump! Jump!Rick, come down!Amazing!It's so high!Whoo.You're freaking me out.All those opposed?If Miss Graves will respond?Miss Graves?Yes.No.You are abstaining
from the final vote?Y-Yes... No. I am not.I see.Rose, she says to me, "Marvin,
you're not getting any younger.You ought to think
about that young man working for youand offer him
a partnership."We don't have no sons.You ain't known me
but three months.How do you know
you can trust me?I got my eyes on you.Well, the hand
is quicker than the eye.I'm going upstairs
and get some sleep.See you in the morning.Think about that partnership.Marvin?Um...I'll...see you in the morning.Does that mean it's a deal?I sure will think about it.Good night.♪ How many roads
must a man walk down ♪♪ Before you can
call him a man ♪♪ And how many seas
must a white dove sail ♪♪ Before she sleeps in the sand ♪Oww!♪ Yes, and how many times ♪♪ Must a cannonball fly ♪♪ Before they're forever banned ♪♪ The answer, my friend ♪♪ Is blowin' in the wind ♪♪ The answer is blowin'
in the wind ♪♪ Yes, and how many years ♪♪ Can a mountain exist ♪♪ Before it is washed
to the sea ♪Uh, pumps is closed, sir.Sir? Pumps is closed. She won't be
humming again till 6:30 a.m.You Billy Ray Bowers?Hey, are y'all
from Weyburn's office?Y'all got kind
of an interesting accent there.Oh, shit.You always were
kind of an actor.You pretended to be my friend.I never agreed to help
you kill anybody.Still a do-gooder, huh, Rick?Mr. Diggs is kind of worried
about that.I've already served my time,thanks to you.But he's still under indictment.Seeing as you're the only witness
that can put him behind bars...Why are you still his flunky?What are you, a hero?Hiding your ass
in a grease pit for 15 years?They won't put up
any monuments for you.Any last words?What the hell's
going on down here?Get out of here!
Run for your life!Watch out!Come on! Come on!Yeah.Help!Oh! Oh!- Let me in, will you?
- Rick, is that you?Yeah, it's me.
Let me in!How do I know?It's me, Muffy!
Open the damn door!Aah! Oh, what the hell
are you doing here?Me? What are you doing here?Being shot in the butt.- She saw you.
- I saw her, too.I'll have to borrow
your phone if it's okay.- That's fine.
- I need plenty of ice.I'll get the ice.
You go to the room.It's the presidential suite.- Okay. Can I use your phone?
- I'll be there in a minute.Miss Graves?Uh, Mr. Takawaki.Uh, do little party?Uh... yes,
party for girls.Oh, maybe next time.Uh, maybe.Well, I don't care
if they've left for the day.No, I got to get through to him.555-7000.Yeah, it's the presidential suite.Hel-Hello, operator?
Huh? God!- Rick?
- What?Are you all right?God! I've been shot in the butt.
Can you believe it?Can I come in?I'm naked.
Can you handle it?I handled it for years.
I can handle it now.Oh!Oh! Oh, God!
It's my lower back and my butt.I think the pellets
passed straight through, but...Vietnam, huh?Hell, no. I took the dove off
with a sander.You know, I really am
anxious to hear this story.I need some bandages,
some antibiotic, and antiseptic.Get shot often?Only twice before.
Could you please help me?Could you look at my butt?You leave me
at the altar, right?I mean, that was my state of mind
at the time, okay?You went off with Jamie
to seek your fortune,and you were coming back
to marry me.Am I remembering this correctly?If I'm not, correct me.You get lost in your plane.You're reported missing.
You're presumed dead.I attend your memorial service,
and I cry the tears of a grieving widow.Listen to...I vow I'll never get over you.
I never do.I still carry
your pictures in my wallet.Until one day,
I pull into a gas station,and you're alive
with people chasing you.And you ask me to look at your butt?
I mean, that's okay. That's kinda neat.Rick's alive,
and he's shot in the butt.Hey, guys, guess who's alive
and shot in the butt?Rick. I'm looking
at his butt right now.You lying... gutless...son of a shit-eating...God, you yellow, snot-sucker's
toe jam bellybutton.I can't think of enough awful things
to say about you.You bastard!So I guess that's a no
on examining my butt.- It's probably for me.
- You can't answer my phone.Hello.Yes.No, fine.
I'm taking a shower.Yeah, I'm coming home tomorrow.Okay, bye.Same guy?What guy?Harper?
You know, Jeremy III?Rich boy, redneck asshole.
The one you married. Remember?You know I got married?Yeah, four months
after I disappeared.Now, that's pretty quick work
for a grieving widow.Where were you?You could've at least
waited to find out.- I was lonely.
- You were lonely?You were lonely, so you married
the joke of the campus,Jerry the napalm king?How could you do that?We had it wrong.
His family made laundry detergent.Cornwall Chemicals?What? No, kitchen cleanser.Oh! No, don't kid yourself.They were getting
rich and fat off the war.The war? Was that it?
You were dodging the draft?Or were you too gutless to tell me
you didn't want to marry me?Are you all right?Yeah, I'm okay.
I just feel woozy, that's all.I'll call the doctor.Oh, no. No doctors.Okay.
Is this the front desk?- Yes.
- Is there a pharmacy in the hotel?Could you please send up gauze pads,
tape, and hydrogen peroxide, please?- Right away, Miss Graves.
- Thank you.All right...
Now, what's going on?Was that a holdup,
or is someone chasing you?Mm-hmm.Rick.Got any kids, Muffy?No.It was just you got
that mom tone.Well, I'm a lawyer.
I have that lawyer tone.Now, I can help you.Mmm.- Will you talk to me?
- Mm-hmm.Rick?Hmm, tomorrow.I'll talk to you tomorrow.Good Lord.Rick Jarmin's alive.- Hey, Don, how's it going?
- Hey, Murray. Any idea who did this?Maybe. I got a phone tip. An eyewitness
said there was shooting going on.A blue beemer raced away
with a man and woman in it.Sarge, you better come
and look at this.See you later, Don.It's right over here.Okay, thanks a lot.I have a perfect right to be rude.
I left a message for this guy.I waited for it and...He picked it up?
Well, what time was that?Well, hell, I want to go
above his head.Uh, no... Yes, but, uh...I'll tell you what you do.Try it by name.
Try Bowers.- Billy Ray Bowers.
- No one by that name on our list.You have no record
of Billy Ray Bowers?Well, try Forett.
Jean-Pierre Forett.No, sir.Uh, Turnbull, Jodie.No.Carlson, Matthew.No, sir.Try Jarmin, Richard.Jarmin, yeah, that's right.See if anybody
by that name exists.I'm sorry, sir.
Have a nice day.Well, something's
gone wrong. L...I don't seem to exist anymore.You expecting someone?I have a standing order
for breakfast at 7 a.m.Well, what time is it?6:48.You got a gun?Of course not.
You got any weapon?No, this is my breakfast.Marianne, get dressed.
Fast, please.But...- Rick.
- Yeah, we can make it.What do you mean, "we"?
I'm not going out there.Four attempts have
been made on my life.If you open that door,
you could end up dead.We're on top
of a veritable fortress now.Presidents stay here.
Oil sheiks stay here.Friends of Lee lacocca
stay here.George Harrison stays here.It has the best security money can buy.
Don't be paranoid.But paranoid keeps me alive.This guy comes every morning.
Trust me.- Got your breakfast, Miss Graves.
- What did you order?- Oh, Rick.
- Come on. What did you order?I ordered grapefruit,
croissant...And what? What?Prunes.Oh, well, ask him what he's got.Ask him.
I bet he can't tell you.What's for breakfast?Some kind of breads and fruits.I'll be right there.Please pull up a chair, sit down.
I'll share my prunes.Then you can tell me
all about this.Don't take the chain off
the door, okay?Just rattle it,
like you're going to take it off.Oh, yeah. You mean like this?
Is that good?Yeah. You think it's funny?Ouch! Oh, God!Ow! Oh, God!Get the mace!You get it!The mace!The mace! The mace!Aah! Aah!Ow! Jesus!Ow! Ow!Hurry up!Mace! Mace!Aah! Aah!Aah! Aah!Aah!Come on.
Let's get...Wait a minute! Aah!Hurry up!I can't do this.What? This is what
Lee lacocca does.Oh! Oh, I'm very scared, Rick.Since when did you
start wearing underpants?Rick! Rick!
Do I get to know what's going on,or do I just get killed
for old times' sake?- Follow me.
- I got to know what's going on.Well, so do I.I'm supposedly being protected
by the federal government,but I think
they're trying to do me in.Who are those men?Ex-drug enforcement agents.One I sent to jail,
the other knows I can send him.They want me dead,
and they'll take whoever's with me.- Why?
- I testified against them.About what?It's a long story.
It's... God!Aah! Rick!Rick?This isn't a good time
to be talking about this.Aah!Help!Oh! My God!
Aah! Aah!They're all, like, 26,
27, or 28, and they...Hi.Well, is that
the V.I.P. Entrance?Good morning.
How are we doing today?Oh, I'm so hungry.Listen, I got to get
out of this robe.- We can't go back to the room.
- I've got to change my clothes.No, we'll buy some.If I'm not dreaming,
you're in deep shit.You owe me an explanation.Just get me out of here.
I'll tell you everything.No. No, don't tell me.No keys.Aw!Gotcha!- I ought to weenie whip you!
- Stop it!Let's get out of here.How are you doing over there?Great.Okay, tell me the story.You remember that timeJamie and I
got everybody to chip inso we could go southand score
some real Acapulco Gold?I remember you borrowed
his father's planeto fly to Mexicali.That's the last
I ever heard from you.It seemed simple.
Just fly south, pick up some keys,but we were really
impressed with ourselves.We started drinking,
shooting off at the mouth.Before we knew it,
this guy Sorenson was involved.Things got a lot bigger.What a dumb-ass thing to do.You always did love
being a big shot.But you don't understand.No, I do understand.I understand you were being
a couple of jerks like you always were.Anything for a kick. Anything
to thumb your nose at authority.Your gold card, ma'am?Where do you get off
with that attitude?Rick Jarmin, asshole.
What happened to you?I got smart.Is that what you call
being corrupted?Smart?You know nothing about me.Oh, I got your number, baby.We got a blue beemer here.You're totally unchanged,
you know?I've never met anybody
more holier-than-thou.Tell me something honestly.Do you ever donate
anything to the poor,or do you and Jerry the napalm king
just hoard your millions?- Laundry detergent.
- Oh, yeah, we had it wrong.Yes, we're very rich
and hoard our millions.Occasionally, we invite someone poor
in for Thanksgiving,feed him nothing, eat turkey
and watch him starve.Can I drop you somewhere?Yeah, Wisconsin.Wisconsin?Yeah, Racine, Wisconsin.I got to find
this guy Lou Baird.He can get me back into hiding.What's he doing in Wisconsin?He's actually in St. Louis.Ha! I'm with Rick Jarmin again.
I forgot.It's coming back to me.My address book's in Wisconsin.His sister's there.
I think that's where he retired to.I don't think you're in
a witness relocation program.You're a two-bit criminal
chased by the policeor some hustler who can't
pay his gambling debts.This FBI stuff's crap.Wisconsin's only six hours away.I have a life.Are you happy?- I'm expected back home.
- Please, Marianne...Hands on the dashboard.
Don't move.Get that gun out of my face.You have the right to remain silent
and the right to an attorney.I am an attorney, damn it!- Are you Billy Ray Bowers?
- What is he charged with?Both of you are charged with
the killing of Marvin Larson.You were identified
at the scene of the crime.- Rick, tell them.
- Tell them what?The witness relocation program.You can tell us in jail.Put both hands behind your head.Drive!Aah!Go get the car!Aah! I can't stop this!Shut up and steer
the damn thing!- Did you kill that guy?
- No, they killed him.You can prove yourself innocent.They'll kill me before I get a chance.
The same goes for you.See that?Out of the way!Oh, my God!Get the hell
out of the way, man!Get your foot off my...Ow!Oh, shit!
Oh, God!Aah!Oh! You're going
to break my legs!Ohh!Stop that squealing!Aah!Marianne...Oh, my God!Aah!Aah!Watch where you're going.Get us north as soon as you can.Get your face off my gas!Aw, shit!Oh, this can't be good for you.What are you doing?Taking your place. Move.It's a rented car.
We'll get in trouble if you drive it.At this moment
you're worried about Hertz? Move!Give me my wheel!You're going to
get us both killed, Marianne.I can't...
Move over!Jesus!Get me... Rick!We lost them. Yeah.- Where are we?
- They're not there anymore.- Railway tunnel. I'm a genius.
- Where are we?Oh, shit!Oh, God! Back up!I don't know.
I'm stuck.Aah!Goddamn!Ohh!What are you doing?
You could've got us killed!Come on.
I did you a favor.Are you having fun or something?No! I can't...believe you pulled it...You were great back there,
I got to say.I was so scared!You're going to love it
in Racine.That's a happening town.The car was rented
by one Marianne Graves,lawyer from New York.How's she involved?
I don't know or like it.Call it kidnapping.Kill her the same way
as his boss.I don't like all this killing.Erasing a witness is...Joe! You're not trying
to back out on us, are you?Not a good idea, Joe.Don't smoke in here.Eugene and I would hate
to inform certain authorities...that 20 years ago
you were responsiblefor selling confiscated narcotics
out of the police warehouse.Especially nowthat you got yourself
such a big career.I'm doing everything I can do.I've brought the FBI in.We're plugged into
the woman's phone lines,credit cards,
bank account, auto club...They're bound to surface.When they do, Jarmin will either be
shot or wind up in prison.Then he's yours.Looking forward to that.What a pro.♪ Like a bird ♪♪ On the wire ♪♪ Like a drunk ♪♪ In a midnight choir ♪♪ I have tried ♪♪ In my own way ♪♪ To be free ♪♪ Like a fish ♪♪ On a hook ♪♪ Like a knight ♪♪ From some old-fashioned book ♪♪ I have saved ♪♪ All my ribbons ♪♪ For thee ♪♪ If I have been untrue ♪♪ I hope you know ♪♪ It was never... ♪Oh, yeah, sure. 100s.That's all you carry.♪ But I swear ♪♪ By this song ♪♪ And by all ♪♪ That I have done wrong ♪♪ I will make it ♪♪ All up ♪♪ To thee ♪♪ Don't cry no more ♪♪ Don't cry ♪♪ Like a bird... ♪Ohh... Where are we now?Shortcut.Oh!What's the matter?Oh, nothing.I never told you Jamie's dead.Oh...- Yeah.
- God.He was killed
by Sorenson and Diggs.They were these two
drug enforcement agents,corrupt ones.They busted Jamie and me
for the nickel bags we boughtand told us we'd rot in jail
if we didn't do exactly what they said.One minute we were kids, and the next
we were trapped in some major drug deal.They needed our plane.They made us fly under the radar to
an unmarked airstrip on the U.S. Side.That's where all hell
broke loose.Diggs and Sorenson must've been
under government surveillance.There were a lot of cops
waiting when we landed.Sorenson came out shooting.He killed one of the border patrol guys
and wounded another one.Diggs, however, got away.Me and Jamie figured
we could bring Sorenson downbefore he killed anybody else.We were wrong.Jamie got it point-blank
in the chest.I spent three months
in a Mexicali jailbefore the FBI
finally offered mean immunity for, of course,testifying against
Diggs and Sorenson.That's when I joined
the witness relocation program and...hey, it's been fun ever since.Why didn't you call me?Well...I didn't want to get you
involved or anything.You were about to march up
the altar anyway.Thought I'd let it lie.- This is it, huh?
- Oh, no.I think this is it.It's all changed around.
I hope it's it.Yeah, this is it.It better be here,
or I'm in deep shit.- I'm going to look for a bathroom.
- Change?So's I can get
to West National V.A. Hospital.Marianne, hold up.- Be right with you, pal.
- What do you need?Just some...
This. What you got.- What are you doing?
- That's all you got.Here you go, brother.
Have three squares on me.- This all you got?
- How dare you do a thing like that!Well, the guy's hungry.That's for me to decide.
That's my money.- You got plenty. What's the problem?
- And I worked hard for it, damn it.You couldn't carry something smaller?
You carrying 100s for status?No. Emergencies.This was an emergency.Not mine.That attitude keeps
half the world starving.I don't see you
feeding the poor.What did you just see?Oh, you're such a jackass!Oh, am I?Mattie?Mattie Carlson?
Oh, my God!Mattie?I got to talk to you
about something.Mattie! Mattie!When I left my job here,I owed this guy
a lot of money. Hi.Guys, you won't believe who's here!
It's Mad Mattie Carlson.- Could you wait in the car?
- Don't tell me.I got to talk to you
for a minute.You were a hairdresser?Mattie!You don't get a lot of choice
in relocation.Mattie!I can't believe it!Raun is going to shit.
He's going to die.I just can't believe it!Mattie!So, don't you say hi
to an old friend?Come on.
Cat got your tongue?Say something, Mattie.Hi, Scottie.Hiya, babe.Aah!Mattie!Oh, God!Aah!Hi!Oh, God! I can't believe
you came back!How are you?Great! Oh, I like the, uh...It's just dirty.
I had to tie it up.- Gorgeous.
- Who's this?This is my sister.Let's go see Raun.- He's dying to see you.
- I'll bet he is.Your brother is a genius!The Michelangelo of hair.We lost half our clientele
when he left.He left on his lunch break.
Can you believe it?- I do believe it.
- Oh, bread and butter.Silly girl.He always does my hair.You coming back? You'll have to
pay Raun what you owe him.- Raun, look who's back.
- Hi, Raun.Well, hello, Matthew.I'll bet you're surprised
to see me.You've lost weight. Your hair...
You look ten years younger.Cut the crap.
You've been a bad boy.I know. Mea culpa.And sic semper tyrannus.You're so right.
I've come to pay you back.Will wonders never cease?Do you still have my things,
my address book?Show me cash,
I'll show you the book.Could you hang on a minute?- This is funny to you?
- Yes.I need $2,000 cash.Isn't it nice one of us
became a materialistic pig?- Yes. Can you help me, please?
- What's in it for me?If I get the cash, I can get
the book and find Lou Baird,which means I can pay you back quicker,
or you might be stuck with me.Who do I make the check to?I'm to believe your check is good?
I want cash.- The bank's over there.
- I'll get the book?We'll discuss it
when I see cash.Then I'll want an apology.Then you can do my hair.- Why mess with perfection?
- Oh, Rick, it's only fair.Who is this?His sister.She called him Rick.I called him sick.Oh, he is sick.Cash, apology, hair...in that order.I'll be waiting.Driver's license
and three I.D.s.Will credit cards do?Mm-hmm.What a break.Where's this guy gone?- Stall them.
- I'm not stalling them. They might have a gun.- Hey, hey!
- Sir?Can you step on it?
We're in a hurry.Take what you want.I'm going as fast as I can.You got the wrong idea.Everybody freeze!
Nobody move!Don't move!Put your arms up.Down on the floor, now!Oh, my credit cards!Forget the credit cards.Just let me get my gold card!Please?Everybody down,
or the girl gets it!Oh, my purse!Come here!What's going on, Officer?Step across the street, please.Sure.I'm not going with you.You got no choice.
They're after you, too.It's not just cops.Am I supposed to spend
my life running, like you?Well, it's up to you.I say you're dead
if they catch you.Hop aboard or say good-bye.Come on.Well, so long, tough guy.Yeah. So long.Okay. This is the car.
Lieberman, cover the rear.Take McCurren with you.- Call the impound lot.
- Get this thing out of here.Yes, sir.
I got it.Ken, you and Kraul
cover all the stores.Damien, come with me.Get this thing
towed out of here.Cover all the stores.What the hell am I doing?- Hop on. Come on!
- What are you doing here?I missed you.- You okay?
- Why are we going back?I forgot something.Oh, he wants to play.Oh, my God.What is this, butch on wheels?Here's your cash.
Give me the book.It's more than you need.Take me with you.This town needs you.Let's get out of here.That ought to cover the damages.What damages?Oh, shit.Balls out time.Look out! Look out!
Look out!I have the suspect in sight,
and I'm in pursuit.Hang on.Get out of the way!I'm following suspects
into Fan Tan Alley,and I'm in pursuit.I almost have them.I am in pursuit.Oh!Aah!What are you doing
with your face in my sidewalk?I am no longer in pursuit.- We're in a hurry.
- I'm going as fast as I can.Everybody freeze! Nobody move!Put your hands up.On the floor, now!Come on!Looks like she's there
of her free will to me.- Look at this part.
- Will you come here!The teller said she kept going
back for the money...- even when her boyfriend wanted out.
- He's not her boyfriend.I am her boyfriend.She's obviously not a kidnap victim,
so the FBI is out of it.It's up to the local authorities now.Hi, Joe.
This is Paul Bernard.- Joe Weyburn from our office here.
- Mr. Bernard.Any theories as to how
to head them off?He used to work at this mall.Maybe going back to a place
of employment is the start of a pattern.Without a record
of previous employment,we can only wait and see.Keep on it.
Mr. Bernard.Muncie Farms.Ha ha ha!Yeah.Tell him Rick Jarmin
needs to speak to him.I need to.
It's urgent, okay?Jarmin...J-a-r-m-i-n.Yup. Not till when?6:00? 6:00 p.m.?On the dot, ma'am.Okay. Thanks.Yeah, yeah. Oh, sure.
He'll remember me.Believe me, he'll remember me.
Thanks again.Bye, ma'am.Ha ha ha ha!Hallelujah!He's there.Not till 6:00,
but he's there.He had to go to the doctor.He works in the zoo.
He got me a job there once.- Did I ever tell you about that?
- I don't wish to hear about the zoo.I wish to get out
of these bushes.I'm wearing cashmere
in 100 degree heat.I don't want
to wait around here until 6:00.I know someplace
we can go on the way.Mind riding
for a couple of hours?Can you do that?What, what are you saying?Nothing.Either say it or don't say it.Rise and shine.I need a night's sleep.Ace, come here!You son of a bitch.Hopefully she'll get better
when she's had the operation.Jodie?Hi, Rach.
How are you?I never thought
I'd see you again.- You look great.
- Talk about dropping out of the blue.This guy built half this place
and disappeared.I'm sorry,
this is Marianne Graves.This is Dr. Rachel Varney.Hello.Hi.You used to work here?Yeah. I was a carpenter
and general...Pilot, designer, everything.And one day gone.I'm sorry about that.
I had to leave in a hurry.- A man came looking for you.
- He's still looking for me.What happened?- They shot me in the butt.
- Prep her.Quite a game of tag
the two of you were playing.Just a little buckshot.
It went straight through.Not if it's bleeding.
Take your pants down.Well, not out here.You're shy?
I've seen it before.Hmm.Oh. I'm sorry.
Are you his wife?Oh, no!
Are you kidding?No way. You two just go
right ahead and whatever.I'll call a cab.That's not a good idea.
She's insane with fatigue.She needs food and a bed
and bath. I'm sorry.You can use the guest house
to wash and sleep.- Can you stay the night?
- Well, I don't know.Go ahead, Rick.
Be a sport.She always calls me Rick.- I won't get in your way.
- It's not like that.Yes, it is. It was.Well, it was, yeah.He helped me out,
showed me how to do everything.I'll bet he did.You should see the barn.Every single idea
you had worked.- The big animal practice is back there.
- Takes one to know one.- The horse sling. Want to see it?
- Yeah. Let's go.- You never saw anything work.
- I didn't know it would.- Well, it did.
- Marianne, come on.I'm sure she doesn't want to.
She's exhausted.No. I'd like to see that
horse sling.Hey, hi ho, Silver.Look at that.They thought I was nuts
when I showed your plans.I thought I was nuts
when I did them.Come see this, Jodie.Oh, yeah!Look at that.It works great.It works, it works, it works.
I'm a genius.Drop them and hop up.Oh. Do you need her to leave?No, I'll stay.I've seen it, too.Great. You can assist.Get the peroxide and sponges
from the cabinets over there.Come on. Take your pants off
and get on the table.Don't be a baby.Be gentle with me, okay?I'll think about it.I'll be gentle.Oh! Cold.The cows never seem to mind.Roll over.Roll over.Do I get a Milk-Bone?Oh!What did you have
in mind, Marianne?Let's take a look.Ow! Jeez!How is it?Well, it's not bad,
but it's not great.What's that?I don't know.Oh! Sulfuric acid.What are you doing?I hate those things.You okay?Fine.- Feel that?
- Feel what?Uh-huh. There it is.What?Sponge.Marianne.Ooh!You need a little fresh air.I'm fine.
I'm really fine.I'll send your cowboy right out.Maybe just a whiff
would help me.She's tired and needs to eat.So, who is she?An old friend.Yeah, right.- Really. She's an old friend.
- You sure about that?When you got a knife
up my ass, I am.How bad is this thing
you're running from?Pretty bad.Think you'd ever beat it
and come back here?If I could beat it,
I'd go anywhere.I'm asking because I'm engaged
to be married.Flagellations.
That's great. That's great.I'd rethink it if I thought you might
come back this way someday.You always were direct, Rachel.We're done.Thanks.Thank you.
Well, uh...How long have I got?The wedding's on Sunday.Well, I'm a bad bet, you know.Much happiness, Rachel.
Come here.Oh!Uh, excuse me for a minute.You never hustled
when I was angry.Marianne.Marianne, are you okay?- Oh, forget it, all right?
- Forget what?I need a telephone so I can leave,
and you two can live happily ever after.- It's not like that.
- No?- She was just...
- In your arms, and you were naked.- It's nothing.
- Yeah, and my name is Dumbo.What's it to you?
Why should you care?- You're happily married, yeah?
- I'm not.- What, you're not happy?
- Not married.- No?
- It just didn't work out.If the guy was a prick,
you're better off without him.Oh, God.My heart can't take this again.Remember the time
I saw that flying saucer?Well, we were smoking
some heavy stuff back then.Yeah.I think I see another one.What's that?Oh, damn!- Come on.
- Aah!Friends of yours, Jodie?Well, no.All right, go, go!
I'll stay here!Right.- Get out of here.
- Let's get out of here!- Bye, Rach. Thanks a lot.
- I'll cover you!Yeah, let's fly.I'm going to kill you!Come on, sweetheart.Oh, God!Hurry up, Rick!You ready for this?Tie down your toupee.Aah!Aah!Can't this thing go faster?This is as fast as it goes!Hang on, Muffy!Aah!Oh, my God!Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!Oh, I'm going to throw up!I'm not kidding!What are you doing?I got to take his rotor out!What the hell?He's messed up the rotor!We're going down!Yee-ha-haa!Put on your beltand stick your head
between your knees.- What do I do now?
- Kiss your ass good-bye.We got no wheels,
and we're coming down.Oh, God!I don't want to die!Are we dead?Hell... no.But we will be if we don't get out
of here. This can't be good for you.Help me.Oh.Hang on, hang on.
Help is on its way.Aah! Help me!Let's go.
It might blow up.Oh, my...It's been five years.
I haven't lost my touch.It's like riding a bicycle.
You never forget it.Oh...I can't take this anymore.I'm going to go on the road
and hitchhike.I don't care if they catch us
and we die.I need food.I need a bath.I need a bed.I need a massage.I need...
I need a manicure.I need to see my therapist.I need a beer.Oh, look at that.
The promised land.Oh, we have no money
and no credit cards.I'll talk to the guy in charge.Here. Give him this.
Give him my watch.Hold me down.Here. And if they
don't take this, sell my body.Okay.Sell my body.I don't care.Ohh.Aah! Aah!Aah!Yeah. Yes, I'll try and get there
early afternoon tomorrow.That's right.
Thank you. Bye.Right here. Hallway.See you in the morning.Tomorrow morning, 7:30.- Thanks, Norman.
- Good night.Good night.
Hiya, pooch.- Marianne, you in this one?
- There's no lock and no door handle.Watch the door.
It falls off the hinges.Why didn't you choose another one?
He said, "Take your pick."It's the only one with a TV.That's civilization.
I wonder if we're on the news.Shit!Aw, there was
nothing good on anyway.I've just taken a shower.I'm wearing a towel.
I'm hanging up my clothes.Well, this is interesting narration,
Marianne.I'd appreciate
your not watching me.Well, there's
nothing else to watch.Oh, speaking of watches,
I still got yours.I didn't give it to the guy.We'll need it tomorrow.
We'll have to get a car.Lou Baird wants
to see me in person.I was talking
to his sister on the phone.I tried to tell her the problem,but she said it wasn't a good idea
to discuss it on the phone.- Why?
- I don't know.Was the phone tapped?Oh, God. I knew you'd say that.
I hope not.Don't go there, Rick.
Call the police.You know I can't do that.Why are you so paranoid
about the police?They can help you.I'm a half a day's
drive from Lou Baird's.Maybe he's part of the setup.He isn't. He saved
my hide too many timesto want to try and kill me now.Tomorrow morning
we'll find the nearest town.We'll swap that watch
for some old junker,and everything will be fine.I know what I'm doing.Do you got a towel?That's not a towel.Who's going to pay
for this hotel room?Well, they need a chambermaid.A chambermaid?I'll help you. It's 12 units.
It won't take long.What... What?Are you mumbling?I'm out of here.I gave this guy my word.Well, I didn't.I'll have my office
express mail some money.I'll pay this guy off.I'll buy this place
if necessary.And I'm out of here!Hey, calm down.I just took a shower
with the cockroach from hell.He's doing his hair now.Not to mention the fact that you've
sold me into human bondage.Oh, you really
are spoiled, aren't you?I am.Being a chambermaid
might do you some good.- Stop that shit, will you?
- What shit?That mumbling drives me crazy!You ever wonder
why we ever got together?Did we ever agree on anything?Did your personality
ever not annoy me?Sex.Sex? I really
don't remember.Oh, really?
You don't remember?You don't, either.
This is some cheap trickjust because
I'm about to get in bed.I wouldn't worry about me.Anyway, I have a boyfriend.A very wonderful boyfriend.- Who is this boyfriend?
- How did I know you'd ask me that?- Why shouldn't I?
- Because you'll belittle him.- I would not.
- You will. I know you.Have it your way.Please stay above the covers. My towel
is wet. I have to get out of it.Oh, I guess so.That's better.Thank you.Tell me about this boyfriend of yours.
What's he like in the sack?Can he throw the leg.
Huh? Marianne?I'm not discussing sex
with you tonight.You know...I haven't had a girlfriend
in five years.Really?Yeah. Yeah, Mr. Wiggly's been on
bread and water for five long years.Okay.Is that the truth?Yeah. I didn't think
it would be fair.Are you cold?Huh?Oh, not really.Feels familiar, doesn't it?I thought you said
you didn't remember.Yeah.I feel kind of selfish
under here.Oh, you are very selfish,
and not just under there.Oh, well, too bad you said that.Why?Well, I was actually beginning
to get turned on.Too bad for you.
I wasn't.- You weren't?
- No.Fine.Stop that, will you?
If you do that again...Don't tell me what to do!
I can't help it.Anyway, what are you
going to do about it,add another felony
to your list of crimes?Go to sleep.I can't.
What's the name of this boyfriend?- You can tell me. I'll be nice.
- You will?- Yeah.
- Okay. His name is Paul.Sounds like a dipshit.Trust me. Anyone named Paul,
he's probably a spot welder.Shut up. Go to sleep.Is that true?What?About five years?You didn't want to discuss it.I don't.Well, then, shut up.Shut up? Yeah, I'll shut up.Oh, God.Let me look at you.Oh...I missed you.God, I missed you.Wow, doesn't this feel right?Mm-hmm.I had that dream again.Remember the dream
I used to have after we made love?The one about the seven dwarfs?No.No. Remember the dream...We were in the middle of the ocean,
and it was that big sailboat?Oh, yeah.We were alone
with nobody around.It was just us.That's a nice dream.Can't we do that?Can't we find a way, Rick?I spent 15 years looking for it.If I could've found it, I'd have come
and got you, married or not.- Would you really?
- Oh, yeah.But there's nothing we can do now.We gotta get out of here.I'll see what kind of car
I can get with your watch.There must be a way.Yeah?Paul? Marianne.Listen.
No, I'm fine.I'm really all right.
Yes. Listen, I...I can't talk. No, I'm fine.
I need you to help us.I need you to call someone.
Please. Yes.Damn it.- I don't have time. I...
- Marianne, your chariot awaits you.Just do it, will you?
Got to go.Better pick it up.
We got to go. Marianne?Hi. You found me.Wait till you see
what I got for you.Now, there's your watch.Oh, what a beauty.Think so?Fine piece of equipment.
Look at this little jewel.I had to grind him down,
but he finally accepted my terms.Yeah, hello. Uh...extension 2200, please.Hello.Well, yes, Mr. Bernard,
of course I remember you.They're headed where?Right. She wants...federal marshals
and some members of the press there.You did the right thing
by calling me.I could take care
of all of that.No, no.
You wait by the phone.Oh, yes,
we'll make sure she's safe.You bet.And, uh, thank you.All right.
End of the line.Oh!Jesus, we're overheating.
We're lucky to get here at all.You okay?Lumbar. Oh, hang on.
Wait for me.The lights are on. I guess
there must be somebody in there.Oh, there he is.Hey, Lou.Hey.Lou.Hey, Lou.
It's me. Rick.In a minute.Stubborn old guy, isn't he?Hey, Lou,
you mind if we come in?- I'll see you at the front door.
- Oh, okay.Lou.Yes?It's me. Rick Jarmin.Oh, my Lord.
So it is.Oh, jeez, Lou.- Rick, come on in.
- This is Marianne Graves.How do you do?Good.Rick, come on in.You scared me. I thought
you'd forgotten who I was.Well, I damn near did.I'd have been in trouble then.
I'm in a spot. Only you can help me.- Yeah?
- Yeah. Where do I start?Sorenson, they finally
let him out of the cage.He and Diggs are after us.They seem to know
every move we're making.I think somebody
at the Bureau's doing us in.- I work at the zoo.
- Yeah.- I've got connections there.
- You placed me there, remember?It's just down the block.I can find it every time,even in the dark.Uh, Molly likes it that way.A-A-Are you Monty?I'm sorry.
I didn't hear the bell.Are you the young man
who was calling?I told you I didn't
think he'd remember.That's why I thought
you should come here.Sometimes it helps
if he sees a face.Ma'am, do you know who that is?Uh, Rick, um...Those are federal marshals.
I called them.- No.
- I thought this was a setup.You've got to talk to them.You can't keep running, Rick.
It...There's nowhere else to run.Have you got a basement?Yes, off the kitchen.Show it to me.What have I done?
I'm sorry.It was designed
as a bomb shelter.No one can get in.Lock yourselves in. Don't come out
until everything's quiet.Where are you going, Rick?Well, I don't know, Lou.How about the zoo?
They got guns. You know the way.Good idea.Get down. Get down.Hello.Rick, hurry up!Come on!Lou? Molly?Rick?You got nothing to fear.Joe Weyburn.Wait!Rick, aren't those guys
going to follow us?They damn well better.Oh, they changed the code!Rick?Rick!Not now!How did...
Never mind. Come on!Come on, come on, come on!Wait!You didn't see us, Bob, okay?Son of a... Here.Oh!It's got to be him.Be careful.Watch your step.Stationery, pens, pencils...
Where is it?Where do they put these things?Where? Where? Oh.They used to have
real guns here.What's that?A tranquilizer gun.Rick, I'm sorry.I'm sorry I did this to you.I called them on you.Hey, no, no.
That's all right.I should be apologizing to you.Anyway, look,
it's probably all for the best.15 years
is long enough, you know?Yeah, yeah.
I guess so.Now, listen.Lock all the doors
and stay in here.No matter what you see,
don't come out there.If you see me do this,I want you to hit
this button here.See those lights?
It turns them on.Just like that, okay?Keep your head down, okay?Rick.What?Please live through this. I can't go
to another one of your funerals.Okay.Now, you remember...
You stay in here, okay?Because it's a zoo out there.Shh.Oh. Ooh.Which one did he say?Oh.Rick?Hey, Rick? Buddy?It's Joe Weyburn.We don't mean you any harm.We just want to talk.Ooh.Oh.Oh, yeah. Uh...There.Oh!Welcome to
the tropical rain forest.Here we've assembled
a collectionof flora and faunaindigenous to both
the South American rain forestand the African savanna.There.Oh, shit!Aah!Ah.I think I got him.Got to stop this thing somehow.Go get that girl!Yeah.Wake up!
All of you, get up!Rise and shine!Get up! Get out!Come on, fellas.Give me a hand now.Oh.Oh.Shut up.Shut up.Get up there.Shut up, you son-of...Oh, shit.Aah!Aah!Aah!Aah!Oh.Aah!Excuse me.Aah!Aah!Oh! Oh!Surprise.Come on!Hands behind your head!Fingers clinched!Now!What is that shit?Get over there!Spread 'em!Sorenson! I got him!
I got Jarmin!What do you need him for, huh?This is his kill.It means a lot to him.Sorenson!Sorenson!Oh, my head.Aah!Aah!No!Oh, God.Aah! Aah!Down there!Oh, no.No.Aah!Jarmin!I got your lady here.Oh, God, no.Come on out.
I'm throwing her to the tigers.Aah!You're wrong if you think
I won't do it.Don't you even want to watch?I'd hate for you to miss this.Aah!15 years.15 damn years
I've waited for this!Aah!Aah!Aah!Aah!Aah!Rick.Rick?Rick.Rick?Rick.Rick. It's me.It's me.Take my hand.Rick!Rick.Rick!Rick.Please!Rick!Rick.Rick.Rick.I can't hold on.Come on, honey.
You can do it.Come on. You just...
pull me toward you.I'm sorry I can't
get you out of this.Yeah. Me, too.Because...I'm free now.
I could marry you.You liar.
You wouldn't marry me.I could if you'd put
a little extra effort in.A little extra effort?Instead of just standing therewatching the father
of your children become tiger meat.Children?Children.Aah!Rick.Rick.Are you all right, honey?Are you all right?Who are you?Rick.Look at me.Rick, look at me.I'm Marianne.We were going to get married
and have children?Remember?I'm pleased to meet you, Marianne.You dirty rat!Were you trying
to weasel out of this one?I'll sue you
for breach of promise.I have no money.
What do you want, my underpants?Yeah.Get up. There's something
I want to show you.Come on.
Get your lazy ass up.You've heard that expression...something old, something new,something borrowed,
and something...Very blue!- Mister Wiggly is unfurled.
- Oh, wow.And if that's not a hint,
what is?♪ Like a bird ♪♪ On the wire ♪♪ Like a drunk
in a midnight choir ♪♪ I have tried in my way ♪♪ To be free ♪♪ Like a fish ♪♪ On a hook ♪♪ Like a knight from
some old-fashioned book ♪♪ I have saved
all my ribbons ♪♪ For thee ♪♪ If I've been unkind ♪♪ I hope that you can just let ♪♪ Let it go by ♪♪ If I have been untrue ♪♪ I hope you know ♪♪ It was never to you ♪♪ Like a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ As a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ Like a baby ♪♪ Stillborn ♪♪ Like a beast ♪♪ With his horn ♪♪ I have torn everyone ♪♪ Who reached out for me ♪♪ But I swear ♪♪ By this song ♪♪ And by all
that I have done wrong ♪♪ I will make it all up to thee ♪♪ Don't cry no more ♪♪ Don't cry ♪♪ It's completed ♪♪ Oh, it's finished ♪♪ It's been paid for ♪♪ Like a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ As a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ Like a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ As a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ Like a bird ♪♪ Free ♪♪ On the wire ♪♪ Free ♪♪ Like a drunk ♪♪ Free ♪♪ In a midnight choir ♪♪ Free ♪♪ Like a bird ♪♪ Free ♪