Mr. Bond?- Yes?
- I'm Lieutenant Mathis of the Special Police.These are my credentials.They appear to be in order.Come with me.They used to say, "A good spy is a pure spy..."...inside and out."Roses, Tanagra figurines, and Debussy.He plays Debussy every afternoon
from sunset until it's too dark to read the music.Stands on his head a lot,
eats royal jelly.Lets his intestines down,
and washes them by hand.Something he learned
during his sojourn in Tibet.- M, what gives?
- I forgot to mention lions.- Lions and more lions!
- We're surrounded by lions.I did not come here
to be devoured by symbols of monarchy!- I warn you, M, if this is a trap...
- Calm yourselves, gentlemen.It's no trap, I assure you.
The lions are only curious.He has few visitors.That I can believe.A veritable Eden,
is it not, gentlemen?- Eden without an Eve is an absurdity.
- "A good spy is a pure spy."Not good. Great.
The greatest spy in history, gentlemen.The true, one and only,
original, James Bond.- The gentlemen are here, Sir James.
- Thank you.- My dear Bond.
- My dear M.Ransome, CIA, Sir James.Junior cipher clerk in my day,
weren't you, Ransome?Yes, sir.
JCC, Class "G."SIC to SCCT.CIA, Washington, DC.- Smernov, KGB, Sir James.
- Ah, yes. The labor camp inspector.Ikon 988, GPU, Siberian sector.I remember your chap
Lenin very well.- First-class organiser, second-class mind.
- Le Grand, Sir James.<i>- Deuxiéme bureau.</i>
- Promoted at last from the vice detail?How incredibly well you look, James.Time, my dear M,
does not exist within these walls.- They ain't for real.
- Yes, a far cry from our embattled world.In my day,
spying was an alternative to war......and the spy was a member of
a select and immaculate priesthood......vocationally devoted,
sublimely disinterested.Thank you.Hardly a description of
that sexual acrobat......who leaves a trail of beautiful dead women
like blown roses behind him.- You mean...
- You know very well who I mean.That bounder to whom
you gave my name and number.My dear James, when you left us,
we were a small service......under-financed,
ludicrously ill-equipped.It was essential
that your legend be maintained.Without a James Bond, 007,
no one would have respected us.Him and his wretched gadgets.We must make use of
the weapons of our time.So I observe.You, Ransome......with your trick carnation
that spits cyanide.You ought to be ashamed.The Russians started it.And you, Smernov......with an armoury concealed
in your grotesque boots.Listen to them tinkle.And you, Le Grand, with different deadly poison
in each of your fly buttons.And you, M,
with your flame-throwing fountain pens.You're joke-shop spies, gentlemen.We are in the last half
of the 20th century, Sir James.Even you have to face it.Why should I,
when I can face that instead?Look at my garden.Out there,
there is a black rose.Not dark red,
but black......as a raven's wing at midnight.Gentlemen, I would not exchange
one single petal of that lovely flower......for anything your world
has to offer.Including an Aston Martin
complete with lethal accessories.You have only contempt for the proletariat,
Sir James. This we know.If I didn't know better,
I'd say you'd lost your faith in democracy.Look, James, you can break the bloody glass,
but you can't hold back the weather.Things are bad. Very bad.
I've lost 11 agents in the last fortnight.Seven killed,
four missing.Is it too much to hope
that my namesake is among them?- He may well be, tomorrow.
- Eight of ours have been given the works.- Two in the Pentagon.
- Sixteen.KGB is depleted.
I'm not at liberty to disclose exact figures.The enemy has penetrated
our most secret inner circles.He reads our very mind!For all we know,
he has his eye on us now, sighting us in.Are you quite sure
he is not one or more of you?- No.
- Absolutely sure.Until this danger is past,
we must stand united in the defence......of all spies everywhere,
great or small, regardless of nationality.Calamity makes strange bedfellows,
but why, I wonder, in the strength of your unity......do you disturb an old-fashioned gentleman
in his retirement?We need your inspirational leadership
in this dark hour.Please, give us the benefit of
your incomparable powers of deduction.For the freedom-loving people
of the world.For the glorious socialist revolution.If I may interrupt this flow of clichés,
it is now that time of day......I have set apart for Debussy.Can this be the man
who won a Victoria Cross at Mafeking?The hero of the Ashanti uprising?What genius to be wasted
in the service of a crumbling empire!But why? Why at the height of his powers
did Bond decide to retire?Mata Hari,
my dear friend.- What's the connection?
- The woman in his life.I don't get it.It was his painful duty to lure her
across the Spanish frontier into France......where we stood her
in front of a firing squad.He really loved that woman.Well, James?I'm sorry, old man,
but what you ask is quite impossible.Perhaps this will change
your decision.My record speaks my loyalty, but no.
Not even for her, McTarry.Sorry, James.There's McTarry's signal.
Stand by.- Zero.
- On.- Fire!
- Fire!Up 200!<i>- Authority to Control.</i>
- Go ahead.<i>Proceed with Smersh Plan "B."</i><i>Sir James Bond is back,
with his morals, his vows...</i><i>...and his celibate image.</i><i>We must destroy that image.</i>- Riverbank to Control.
<i>- Receiving you. Go ahead.</i><i>The target has just entered Scotland.</i><i>- M's castle to Control.
- M's name is Mc Tarry. Use it.</i>Plan "B" in operation.McTarry castle completely occupied,
with only one change.- Agent Mimi is now M's widow.
<i>- Agent Mimi impersonating Lady Fiona?</i>Well, she has the best Scots accent.And that's all
that's left of the McTarry.Your husband died as he lived, Lady Fiona,
in the service of Her Majesty.I thought it would be my painful duty
to impart the news.How did you know your husband, M,
I'm sorry, McTarry, was dead?- We were told.
- Might I ask who told you?- The Grey Piper.
- The who?Tell Sir James
about the Grey Piper, lass.Whenever a McTarry dies......he comes down from the mountain,
over the loch and through the heather......playing the clan lament.We always put a tappit-hen of usquebaugh
outside the castle door.A tappit-hen?- A quart of whisky.
- Is he a real piper?We dinna ken.
But it's been the same one for 600 years.- Naught else remains?
- Nothing to speak of, I'm afraid.It was found in a tree,
100 yards from where he stood.Took off, as it were,
and flew like a bird.But whether
it is an article of apparel......or an anatomical feature,
that is the question.Should it be given Christian burial?Just how personal is a toupee?It can only be regarded
as a "hairloom."Eliza, put it with all the other relics
of McTarry glory.We all ken that our beloved McTarry of the Glen
was a different man in Whitehall.But McTarry women
never ask questions.According to clan tradition,
when the laird dies......a black he-goat must be ta'en alive
off Ben Tarry by six barefoot virgins.I, myself,
slaughter it.The daughters wrest the stomach out
and stuff it with entrails.Bright entrails.Sear it, boil it,
and serve it up.- And eat it?
- Warm reekin'.Sounds delicious.We start feastin' at midnight,
washin' the haggis down with usquebaugh.One gives strength to the limbs,
the other, fire to the blood for dancing.- Dancing?
- The McTarry funeral fling."Argar,
argar garar goru argar" it goes.Most moving.Ah, we dance till we fall in our tracks,
and after an hour's repose......the piper wakes us
to the tune of "Away to the Grouse..."...and away we go to
the memorial grouse shoot.But surely
the grouse is not in season?Whenever a McTarry dies,
the grouse come into season.- I'm Heather.
- I'm Meg.- Your bath's ready, Sir James.
- Thank you.- At the end of the passage.
- Very kind of you.Let us help you out
of your duddies.- No, thank you. I can manage my...
- We always helped Daddy.How many of you are there?
Daughters, I mean.- Eleven, in all.
- Eleven!My word.And how do
the ages range around?- Who is the... How young is the youngest?
- 16.- And the eldest?
- 19.You mean there are only...?
Be careful of my loose kneecap.You mean, there are only three years
between all 11 of you?Some of us are
adopted daughters.I see.
Steady.- Are there any men in the house?
- Nane but the pipers.My daddy only liked the lassies.Your daddy really was
a different man in Whitehall.I'm testing the temperature of the water,
as I always did for my daddy.He used to call me
his little thermometer.Well?
Get in.- Get in?
- Get in.- You're sure I'm not crowding you?
- Get in.- Aye, do you like your back scrubbed?
- Thank you.- What is your name, my dear?
- Buttercup.- How old are you?
- 17.- Do you go to school?
- Daddy taught us.There, you're as slick as a baby.
Now, turn round.What form are you in?Can you need judge that
for yourself, Sir James?- What is your favorite subject?
- Anatomy. That's your mediastinum.That's your orbicularis oris.That's your azygos vein.
That's your articular cartilage.- And those are your synovial membranes.
- Quite. Right.- It's getting gey cold.
- Quite.- My daddy liked it hotter.
- I am not your... Quite.Thank you.To the laird.To the laird!To your right, Sir James,
Lady Mary.Daughter of Lord Douglas McTarry......raped by the Campbells in 1622......in retaliation of which,
Lord Douglas......sent his only son, Hamish,
out to rape twa Campbell lassies.- At the same time?
- Eldest first, of course.As prescribed by scripture.The youngest bore him triplets.Their union being thus bounteously blessed,
a contract of marriage was entered into......which brought the McTarry's Black Loch,
Ben Torn, the Shags of Raugh, Glen Noch......and a good stretch
of salmon water.All the best.I say, does she...?Good night, ladies.Sleep, I've had nane
for thinking on my dearie.All the long night I wake,
groveling in grief.Comfort me, Jamie lad.Give me your bosom
to weep on.Doudle me, Jamie.Really, madam!I hereby claim
my widow's due......according to
McTarry tradition.Let me be comforted.Doudle me.A quaint custom,
but one more honoured in the breach......than in the observance.Then you'll have to
pay the piper.The piper?You heard me,
you mean-mou'd ill-willie cuif!You'll have to
pay the piper!Robin!Jock!
Sandy!You've been challenged
to warsle with Sir James.He wants to warsle.I haven't warsled for years.
I may be a little out of practice.Play ball!<i>Ha! Superbe!</i><i>Formidable!</i><i>Splendide!
Bravo!</i><i>Magnifique!
Mais...</i>Surprising how quickly
it all comes back.Ah, well. A little beauty sleep
before the grouse shoot, perhaps?Beaters,
follow Marie over to the butts.Eliza,
stay here with me for the countdown."Oh, my love."Is like a red, red rose."That's newly sprung in June."Fire mission.- Roger.
- Fuse alarm missiles.- Roger.
- Supercharge.Roger.Fire!The button!The button!The button!- Oh, beloved!
- Ah, good of you to join me.Oh, the button!
The button!She's with him.Magnetic homing device.
Which button is it? Let me look!Ah, there's a knife in my pocket.- See?
- Ah, take off my braces.- Huh?
- My braces.Oh.And now, madam, if you'd be kind enough
to furnish a few answers.Our orders were to corrupt you,
to befoul your image of yourself.- Failing that, we were to kill you.
- I see.Look,
they've found the button!Who gave you these orders?Authority.
International Mothers' Help, East Berlin.Jolly good sport,
what?You're wounded.'Tis but a thimbleful......but heart's blood.Farewell......Jamie.My dear.Again.
Say it again.James Bond.
My jo James.James Bond.
My jo.My dear.One more request.The last.Think of me......as the second woman
in your life.The one after Mata Hari.Kiss me, Jamie.Kiss me goodbye.Madam,
are you quite sure you're dying?Not dying......but giving up my life.I'm going to
another world.There's a convent
over that hill.<i>Control to Authority.
Bond leaving Scotland now.</i><i>Instructions understood.</i>Jag to Dairy.
Contact in position.<i>Get ready to
deliver milk.</i>Dairy to Jag. Understood.
Stand by, remote control.- Remote control ready.
- Speed ready.Distance ready.- Start milk float.
- Contact.- Distance, 75 yards.
- Accelerating.- Prime detonators.
- Check.Check.- The gap has widened.
- 30 yards.- Retract detonators.
- Check.Check.- Hold it. He's too close.
- Dropping speed.Ignore Jag.
Increase speed.- Distance gauge failing.
- Vision failing. No vision.Switch to automatic control.
Hello, Jag. Are you receiving me?Drop speed.
I'm in direct line.Jag to Dairy.
Drop speed now!Hello, Jag.
Come in, Jag.- Detonators out.
- Out.Good Lord.
Moneypenny.You haven't changed a bit.Actually,
I'm Miss Moneypenny's daughter.- How is your dear mother?
- After you left the service, she took the vows.That seems to be
the "in" thing to do these days.I must say,
this place brings back a few memories.Yes,
Mother told me some of them.She probably also told you
that I'm partial to jasmine tea.- Jasmine tea, sir.
- Lapsang souchong.Oh, by the way, Moneypenny, since I came in here,
have you noticed me stammer?- No, sir.
- Splendid. Let me know if I do.- I haven't got time for that now.
- Uh, will you be needing me tonight, sir?Very probably.If I'm to take over this department,
I have to know all of M's secrets.Not his personal ones,
of course.- May I say welcome back, Sir James?
- Ah, thank you...- Hadley, sir.
- Of course, Hadley. Now, you were...My father's son, sir.That's right.
And where is your dear father now?- The same place, sir.
- That's encouraging.You'd better bring me up to date.
Who is on what assignment?- It's not a very happy picture, sir.
- Why are the black flags there?They've been liquidated,
I'm afraid, sir.Uh, Finland,
stabbed to death in a ladies' sauna bath, sir.Uh, Madrid,
burnt in a blazing bordello, sir.And Tokyo, sir,
garroted in a geisha house.It's depressing that the word "secret agent"
has becomes synonymous with "sex maniac."Incidentally, where is my namesake?We've had to take him off the board, sir.
He's now doing television.Oh.
Why are the two flags here in the Caribbean?We've been out of contact for a month, sir.
We are not sure which one to leave.- Who's there?
- Your nephew, sir. Our Jimmy Bond.Oh.
Rather a disappointment, I'm afraid, little Jimmy.Listen, you can't shoot me.
I have a very low threshold of death.Uh, my doctor says I can't have bullets
enter my body at any time.What if I said I was pregnant?Could I have a last cigarette?I'm gonna give it up any day now.
Thank you.<i>Listos!</i>Uh, you realise this means
an angry letter to the <i>Times?</i><i>Apunten!</i><i>Fuego!</i>So long, suckers.<i>Apunten!
Fuego!</i>And so I think
we'd better count him out, sir.Yes.Hadley, we're up against an opposition
of fiendish ingenuity.- They make incredible use of women.
- Yes, they tend to nowadays, sir.Female spies harassed me in Scotland.
Female spies chased me to London.We need an AFSD.- Sir?
- Anti-Female Spy Device.We find the one man all women want,
and then we train him not to want women.All our wantable agents
have disappeared, sir.Ah, this is where you come in,
Moneypenny.I want you to go through
all the auxiliary files.The lot, sir?
It'll take all night.Your mother did some of
her best work at night.Shall we continue?- And what is your name?
- Cooper, big eyes, but don't be formal.- Call me Coop.
- Sounds like something for keeping birds.That's me.- I really have to note your qualifications.
- Height, 6-foot 2-and-a-half.184 pounds.
Trophies for karate and judo.Holder of the Kamasutra black belt.Very impressive.
How do you spell that?I'll show you.I have to check 15 more auxiliaries
in alphabetical...Good, we'll call Mr. Zacharias
and tell him not to wait up.The vacancy's just been filled.A first-class performance, Cooper.
Excellent. Excellent.- Your primary statistics seem to fit the bill.
- We aim to please, sir.You will start
your AFSD training immediately.Moneypenny, get a few dozen girls
for Cooper to start with.- Moneypenny?
- Uh, a few dozen girls.I appreciate your confidence, sir.From now on, all remaining agents and trainees
will be known as James Bond, 007, including the girls.Won't that be confusing, sir?Exactly.
The enemy won't know which way to turn.- You are now James Bond.
- Congratulations, 007.And you, 007, sir.Good hunting, 007.Doesn't that do something
to you, 007?It does, but I'm being trained to ignore it.
Beauty's only skin deep.- How about some skin diving?
- Not today, Lorelei.Quite.Ting-Ling.Do you know that every fifth child
born in the world is Chinese?Tell them, from now on,
they'll have to keep it up without me.Oh, why are you so inscrutable?
I thought that was supposed to be our racket.- You might be a double agent.
- What would you do if I was?Whether you are,
or whether you're not, sayonara.Next.
Shirley.- You're not Shirley.
- No.I'm the new secret weapon.- And I've just been perfected.
- Yes, haven't you?- They've kept me under wraps.
- Lucky them.- What do you do that's so secret?
- I don't do anything.But unless you're one of them,
you do.You're really learning
to put up quite a resistance.- It goes against my nature, you know.
- I sensed that too.- What are you doing after the exercise?
- Getting my head examined.Our security man in Delhi tells us
gold will be up two points by midday tomorrow.Buy gold.The French say you can have it,
but it will cost you three nuclear warheads.Offer two.Your offer for Rockefeller Center's
been accepted.Sell it. I've changed my mind. I like London.
What about Lord Nelson's statue?It was delivered today,
Miss Lynd.My dear Miss Lynd.- Who are you, sir?
- I am Sir James Bond.But I thought you were retired,
Sir James.The whole world believes that
you were eaten by a shark, Miss Lynd.That was no shark.
That was my personal submarine.But enough of this polite conversation.
What is the purpose of your visit?I desperately need your help.My dear Sir James, I hardly ever
undertake assignments these days.I can see why,
but I think I can persuade you to undertake this one.Your reputation is remarkable.But believe me when I say
I save all my energies for business.I have here a writ
for just over 5 million pounds tax arrears.If you were to be cooperative,
Miss Lynd......I could arrange easy payments
and a substantial discount.Um, perhaps we should discuss
this matter in comfort, Sir James.Ah, thank you.
What a charming outfit that is.Do you often wear that
in the office?If I wore it in the street,
people might stare.- You said, Sir James, you needed my help.
- Yes, I did, didn't I?I have a dossier on a man
who works at the Buckingham Club.His name is Evelyn Tremble.Mr. Evelyn Tremble?- Yes, that's right.
- Isn't Evelyn a girl's name?No, it's mine,
actually.- Do you know me from somewhere?
- Your book, Tremble On Baccarat.I've studied it very closely......at night......in my bed.Is that where you study it?There are several passes
you describe in your book......which I don't fully understand.Which passes are these?They are all marked.
I would have to have my book.Your book.And my book is in?My bed.You're winning tonight.I'll send my car for you.- Yes?
<i>- Hello.</i><i>- It's me, Evelyn Tremble.</i>
- Oh, hello, Mr. Tremble.Can you hold on
for a moment?Eric?Don't forget to empty the deep freeze
first thing in the morning, okay?Oh, hello, Mr. Tremble.I'm so sorry to keep you waiting,
but I was just seeing someone off.Come right up,
all right?<i>- Thank you.</i>
- Bye-bye.- So nice of you to come.
- My pleasure.This way.<i>♪ The look of love ♪</i><i>♪ Is in your eyes ♪</i><i>♪ A look your smile can't disguise ♪</i><i>♪ The look of love ♪</i><i>♪ It's saying so much more
than just words could ever say ♪</i><i>♪ And what my heart has heard ♪</i><i>♪ Well, it takes my breath away ♪</i><i>♪ I can hardly wait to hold you ♪</i><i>♪ Feel my arms around you ♪</i><i>♪ How long I have waited ♪</i><i>♪ Waited just to love you ♪</i><i>♪ Now that I have found you ♪</i><i>♪ You've got the look of love ♪</i><i>♪ It's on your face ♪</i><i>♪ The look that time can't erase ♪</i>Hello.Hello.That's Lord Nelson,
isn't it?- Yes, isn't he beautiful?
- Yes.- And do you know what he said?
- What?"England expects every man
to do his duty."So he did,
yes.But this is Mayfair.Lord Nelson's in Trafalgar Square,
surely.No, not any more. He's mine.
Haven't you read the papers today?- I don't normally get them quite so early.
- I get them before they're printed.I suppose you can do anything
if you have money.Why don't you come down to me?Thank you very much.- Lovely place you've got down there.
- Sit here.I do so like to feel comfortable,
whatever I'm doing.Oh, yes, indeed,
yes.The more relaxed the muscles,
the......better the synchronisation
between mind and body.I should think you're frightfully synchronised,
Mr. Tremble.- Martini?
- What about them?I was just about
to offer you one.The things I didn't understand too well
in your book...Let me see,
was it in......chapter seven or
chapter six?Chapter six,
probably.Though, of course,
it could have been chapter seven.Have you got the book,
or is it still in your bed?I believe it is.Well, we'd better go right through the book,
hadn't we?Do you get many complaints
from the neighbors?Do you really think
that your system is completely faultless?- Which system?
- Your system for winning at baccarat.Yes,
yes.The Evelyn Tremble system is......faultless.Good.
Come on.- We have more to do.
- More?I like a man who is able
to retain his own personality......no matter
what the circumstances.Oh, yes.No matter how he's dressed.You know what they say.
"It's the clothes that makes the man."And if we're going to work together,
I have to know what kind of a man you are.- Oh, I thought you might have gathered a little from...
- If you can spare the time......I want to see what happens
when you put on a different hat, a costume.You know, that sort of thing.- Oh, you like that sort of thing, eh?
- You'll find some clothes there. Put them on.Well,
if you think it's really necessary.- Unless you'd like to go round one more time.
- One more time? Oh...There's nothing wrong
with the British army......that a damn good swim
won't cure.Now,
Evelyn Tremble......38 years old,
born in Highgate.Hello, sailor.The wrong one?Perfect.Distinguishing birthmark,
little scar on right shoulder.Strawberry-shaped birthmark
on left thigh.Well,
there's nothing unusual in that.No,
I myself have an apricot one on my hip.Well, I'll show you my strawberry
if you'll show me your apricot.Author of a book on baccarat.Have you ever heard of
a man called Le Chiffre?Oh, yes, an excellent card player.
He once wrote me a fan letter.Uh, keep your hands there.
Perfect. Lovely.I devoted a chapter to him
in my book.His forte is baccarat.Besides baccarat,
he deals in lechery.Well,
nobody's perfect.Do you think
you can win against Le Chiffre?Well, you'll remember that,
in order to operate my system......completely free of risk,
a stake of 100,000 pounds is required.Oh, yes,
I remember.- Stand still.
- Huh?I'm gonna give you......a five-hundredth......at f-2.That's the nicest thing
that anyone's ever said to me.What would you say if I offered
to stake you in a game against Le Chiffre?What?I put up the money,
you play the game, and we split 50-50.- I think I'll go now, if you don't mind.
- What's wrong?I enjoyed the earlier part
of this evening very much.I shall always remember
the pleasure of your company.I didn't even mind
this dressing-up bit.But I do mind bloody unnecessary jokes
about the one thing I really know well.Listen, Evelyn,
I'm serious.It's because you really know about baccarat
that I'm not joking.- You said you needed 100,000 pounds?
- Mm-hmm.It's yours.That's fantastic.But look here, I mean,
old Le Chiffre would never agree to play me.He's read my book.
He'd recognise my name.No, no.
Not any more.- Why?
- We have chosen a new name for you.Who?James Bond.<i>- Welcome to the James Bond, 007, Training School.</i>
- Oh.- It's a small Minox camera, isn't it?
- Security, sir.- Yes. A friend of mine's got one of those.
- Yes, it's Mr. Bond, isn't it?- Uh, yes.
- If you'd be good enough to sign here, sir.It's not for me.
It's for the Official Secrets Act.Yes, of course.Eyes right!Eyes left!- Carry on, Sergeant Major.
- Yes, sir. Mark time.Halt! Hold!About turn!You really do start everything at Harrods,
don't you?Oh, I shouldn't pay too much attention
to what you see here.It's all basic stuff.
It'll be out of date by the January sales.Good morning, Johnson.Sir!May I tell you something?- I'm being followed.
- Why, yes, I know.It's part of the training.
Shadowing people without being seen.Yes,
but the whole point of this is......I can quite clearly see the man
who is shadowing me.Oh! Him.
You don't want to worry about him.He's not one of our trainees.
He's our security man.I see.Ah, good morning, Inspector.
Don't let me interrupt you.On the command,
the head is turned thus......the hat is aimed thus,
the gun is fired thus.Yes,
we're still working on that one.Now to Agents Outfitting.
Here we are.- Morning, Q.
- Good morning, Fordyce. New man.If I could bother you
for the signature, sir.- Signature, yes.
- I shouldn't use that pen, sir.The moment the nib touches the paper,
it releases a stream of poisonous gas......into the writer's eye.Good heavens.
What'll they think of next?No good getting near that.I suppose it'd come in quite useful
if you ever wanted to send anyone......a poison pen letter.Yes. All our new men say that.
I usually reply:- "I don't wish to know that. Kindly leave MI5."
- Yes.Yes, sir. We have a very highly-developed
sense of humour down here.It isn't the only thing
that's highly developed down here.- Fordyce.
- Sir?- Wristwatch.
- Sir.1965 Rolex Oyster Perpetual.Date indicator and log table
around the outer band.And a thing that shows you
what shape the moon is.Lovely.Now, this is very important.
Try it on.- Let me help you.
- Thank you.It's your means of reporting to us
and our means of contacting you.Now,
channel......six,
Fordyce.Don't worry too much about him, sir.
Channel six it is, sir.- They look the same.
- I don't think I know which one is which myself now, sir.No, no.Look at your watch,
tell me what you see.It's 5 and 20 minutes past 11:00.It's the 14th of March and...I said channel six,
Fordyce.Well,
nobody's perfect.That is absolutely amazing.
I've never seen anything like this.It's just as if
we're in the same room.It's a two-way television and
radio wristwatch.It's an American idea.
We got it from one of their comic strips.- Good heavens.
- Ah! Tea.- Three lumps.
- It's an incredible thing, this.Oh, which side
do you dress, sir?Uh, I usually dress away
from the window.- It's just some protective clothing, sir.
- I see.Let me help you out of
your hampering things.And it is, of course,
Sanforized, sir.Non-iron. And also available in
chocolate, oyster or clerical grey.It's hand-reefed and of course,
double charvered.Is it?- Hmm. It's seems to be a little bit tight around the...
- Poison capsule compartment?
- Yes.I'm sure we can let it out about the switchblade
and combined Geiger counter down there.Do what you can,
Fordyce.Now,
your intercom button's in here......with midget transmitters
suitable for short-range contacts.There's an infrared camera here......a tape recorder in the shoulder padding,
a Beretta in the buttonhole...Buttonhole, Forydize.
And a cute little mini-gun in the gusset.Yes.
Um, just one thing.What happens if I suddenly
need to go somewhere?- Uh, in this, sir?
- Yes.You'll find the safety instructions
under the left lapel.Don't worry.
You're in very good hands here.Hmm.
Now this won't hurt a bit, sir.<i>Who gave you these orders?</i><i>International Mothers' Help,
East Berlin.</i>There it is, Hadley, our only clue.
The voice of a beautiful woman.We've checked it out, sir.International Mothers' Help is
a Smersh cover operation, sir.It supplies babysitters and <i>au pair</i> girls
to some of the most important families.Then it must be infiltrated
by someone absolutely reliable.- I hope you weren't thinking of me, sir.
- I was thinking of Mata.- You can't mean Mata Hari, sir.
- No, her daughter, Mata Bond.Mata Bond, sir?Yes. Her mother gave her that name
because I happen to be the child's sort of...godfather.And to think that you knew Mata Hari, sir.
She really was one of the greats.Yes, great little dancer,
terrible spy.Whereas young Mata is a terrible dancer,
might be a great little spy.It's uncanny.
Quite uncanny.What memories it brings back.Paris, Berlin, Vienna.How madly we danced through the night.
I was disguised as a Hungarian hussar...What are you going on about?You're the very image of your mother,
and every bit as beautiful.You knew my mum?I am Sir James Bond.- Daddy.
- My child.- Snail's egg?
- No, thank you. They don't agree with me.Well,
you're a charmer, aren't you?You dump me in an orphanage
when I'm 3 years old.- And now, because you need me...
- It really was very difficult.You see, at that time,
my career was at its height...Well,
it was a traumatic experience, I can tell you.You know, it's no joke being
the illegitimate daughter of Mata Hari and James Bond.Still,
you do get my monthly paychecks?Your monthly paychecks
went on analysts' fees.That's why I came here.
I had to get away from it all.I am sorry.
I had no idea.Well, I must say,
you seem to be very comfortable here.Oh, it's crazy.
You want a drag?No, thank you. I'm trying to give that up.
Who are all these people?They're the high priests of the temple.
Okay, Fred, hop it!What an extraordinary performance.They seem to treat you
like some kind of a goddess.Well,
I am the celestial virgin of the sacred altar.Figuratively speaking,
of course.Of course.
Some tea?Ah, a cup of tea.
Splendid.It's made from poppy seeds.Two cups of this,
and you're stoned out of your mind.Thank you.You know,
if you weren't my dad......I think
I could fancy you.Well, that's very good of you, my dear.
Rather warm in here, don't you think?Cool it, Charlie.
So you want me to go to Berlin, huh?Now, Mata, you remember the old house
on the Feldmannstrasse?Yeah,
where Mum had her dancing school.That has now become
International Mothers' Help.But that's just a cover for its real function. It is...
Does he speak English?Hey, Charlie.
Speak English?- No.
- Good.It is a training centre for what are
commonly referred to as spies.Now, your qualifications make you eminently suited
to infiltrate the organisation.Two weeks' briefing in London,
and you're off to Berlin.You want me to be
a spy like Mum, huh?- Well!
- Family tradition, my dear.Do I get an exploding briefcase
and a secret transmitter?- That won't be necessary.
- Well, I have to have some equipment.Your mother wiped out three divisions of infantry
and five brigades of cavalry and...Well, frankly, she had much less equipment
than you have.If you have any problems,
you must contact London immediately.- Now, are there any questions?
- Well, I have got one question.Yes?How do I get to Berlin?Oh, dear, silly me.
Taxi!- Where to?
- Berlin.- East or West?
- West, of course.- Oh, well, that's all right, then.
- Oh, would you say goodbye to Dad for me?Yes. Well, have a good trip.
Jolly good luck.Get out of it, you lunatic!
What are you trying to do?Come on, move. Get out of it!
Get out the way! Go on!- That'll be 482 pounds, 15 and 9 pence.
- You'll have to wait.Oi. Look, I've been caught like that before.
Beside I haven't had my dinner yet.- Well, I don't have any change!
- Now, here we go.What about my dinner then, eh?
What a liberty. Did you see that?Any fish and chips shops
around here, mush?Who are you?
What you do want?- I'm here to enrol as a student.
- What are your qualifications? Hmm.- I am the daughter of Mata Hari.
- Mata Hari!- You are a liar.
- Am I?Well,
what about this, then?My little Mata Hari!
I told you she'd come back.Silence!
Or I will switch you off.Oh. Not that.Anything but that.You're even more fascinating
than your mother.You must be Frau Hoffner,
Mum's teacher.- I had that honour.
- You must be Polo.She remembers me, her little Polo.
She remembers me.Welcome home,
my child.- Welcome, indeed.
- Shtum!The Mata Hari School of Dancing......is the only truly international school
of espionage in the world.- In the world.
- There is no political prejudice here.- Prejudice.
- We train Russian spies for America.- America.
- Und American spies for Russia.- Very democratic.
- Very democratic.Some of the greatest spies in the world
have graduated from this institution.- The greatest.
- Von Grudendorf, Malenvosky.Peter Lorre, Bela Lugosi.Here we have
the decoding and cipher class.We are even training animals
as espionage agents.Oh, really?At this moment, we have in the Kremlin
a Russian-speaking parrot......in constant radio communication
with the Pentagon.Fantastic.Und here is our class
in karate und self-defence.If you will excuse me,
I have a conference to attend.- Polo, you will show Mata to her room.
- Please, follow me.Mata?
Allow me.- Thank you.
- Follow me.My battery needs recharging.- Might be your head needs examining.
- No, I had that examined last week.This is your mother's room.It has not been opened
since the day she left here in 1916.- You see? Nothing has been touched.
- It's a wild room.Hey,
what an enormous bed.The German army was
very large in those days.To see you standing here in your mother's room
brings back such happy memories.Here......what's all this about......an important conference, hmm?A representative of Le Chiffre
is coming......tonight.- Who is Le Chiffre?
- Nobody knows.Not even Le Chiffre.What's the conference
about then, hmm?Le Chiffre is trying to raise money
by selling his unique art collection.- Why does he need money?
- He's a compulsive gambler, that's why.Und he is using organisation
funds for his gambling.- You mean, Smersh?
- Smersh.If he does not
pay off his debts......he will be liquidated.Liquidated?
Who by?By them.You mean...You're so like your mother,
you're driving me mad.- Well, you haven't got far to go.
- Come to me.Come to me, my little Mata.
Come to me, come!About time you were
back in your box, isn't it?You must forgive me.
I lose control of myself.- I'm a mad fool. Mad.
- You want an argument?Remember,
forget everything I tell you.- My lips are sealed.
- Lips! Don't say such word.Run along, son.Le Chiffre.
Mm-hmm.It's the first john
I've ever gone round with.Ah, there you are.
I have been looking for you.Hmm. It is little Otto.- Who is he?
- He was one of your mother's lovers.We often find him lying around.- Is he dead?
- Hard to tell.He always looked like that.
Come along, child.The auction is about to begin.Auction?Tonight we are selling one of
the finest art collections in Europe.- Le Chiffre's collection?
- Who?Le Chiffre.- Who is Le Chiffre?
- The man who owns the art collection.- What art collection?
- The collection is about to be auctioned.- Who said anything about an auction?
- You did.Who am I?- Frau Hoffner.
- Never heard of her.You're insane, my child.
Quite insane.I think she's right.Gentlemen! You may please take your seats,
and the auction will commence.Thank you.Gentlemen,
I am here tonight......on behalf of my client, Le Chiffre,
of whom you all have heard......to offer by auction
his unique collection of art treasures.Are there any specific bidding
instructions?Our instructions are that
when we are sitting, we are bidding.When we are standing,
we are not bidding.We'll do our bidding sitting down.
When we're standing up, we're not bidding.We stand, we bid.
We no stand, we no bid.- And the British representatives?
- Well, I don't know, actually.Sort of a bit of both, I suppose, really.
Is that all right with you, old chaps?That's fine.Very well,
gentlemen.Now,
then.Gentlemen,
this is an extraordinarily embarrassing item......one of the classic blackmail items of all time.- What am I bid for this priceless picture?
- 14 pounds, 10.- 300 rubles.
- 300 rubles.- $1,000.
- $1,000.- 2 million Chinese dollars.
- 2 million Chinese dollars.Look at this masterpiece, gentlemen.
Surely we can do better than that.- Here, what about my fare?
- Get out!- Here!
- Stop it!Here, whatever you do,
you must not let Le Chiffre raise the money.Who are you?- I'm Carleton Towers of the FO.
- FO?- The Foreign Office, dear.
- Oh, wait outside, and keep the motor running.Righty-o.- 200,000 American dollars!
- 100,000 pounds!- A wagon load of vodka!
- 70 million tons of rice!- 60 pounds of caviar!
- 30 million trucks!Hey!
It's war!Hello?Hello?
Get me the Pentagon!Hey, Fenella?Look, I shan't be able
to get back for dinner.What?
A sort of war's broken out.You should not
have done this thing.Now I will have to kill you.- Oh...
- What are you doing to me? What?No.Positive, negative.
I never know which is which.Give me those films.She's got the films!Stop her!
Get her! Get her!Now,
look here!Taxi!Tally-ho!I'm sorry,
madam.- Let me go! Taxi!
- Over here!Here I am!Come on!- Good Lord! Taxi man Towers, isn't it?
- Hello, sir. How nice to see you.Oh, this way!<i>- ♪ What's new, Pussycat? Whoa, whoa ♪</i>
- No, no down, no!- Where to, miss?
- London!Oh, good show.Le Chiffre speaking.<i>The whole scheme was a failure.</i>And also,
Dr. Noah knows what you've been up to.<i>- What now?</i>
- I'll just have to raise the money.- But how?
- How?- By playing baccarat.
- But, Le Chiffre, what about me?<i>What's going to happen to me?</i>Thank you.
And welcome to France, Monsieur Bond.We don't want our little talk
to be overheard.- Get in the car.
- Well, there's nothing to talk about, is there?Perhaps.
Perhaps not.The point is, you must not
allow yourself to become involved.Don't forget, there are many people here
who loathe and despise you.I have to warn you, Bond.
My instructions are......that you play your game with Le Chiffre
and leave immediately.No one can be such a perverse idiot
as to assault a customs official.- It must be deliberate.
- It may just be natural talent, sir.- I have to warn Vesper.
- You mean James Bond, 007, sir.Yes, yes, yes.<i>Vesper? James Bond, 007?
Vesper, are you there?</i>Hello, Sir James.
Yes, I'm here.<i>I can't see you.
Your picture's gone.</i>No, it hasn't.
I was just about getting into the bath.Vesper, do you think
Tremble could be a double agent?He has enough trouble
being a single agent.- Leave him to me.
- Right. Over and out.Mr. Bond?You missed, Mr. Bond.Yes.I'm Miss Goodthighs.I can see that.You've got your cork
still in your bottle.So I have.
What are you going to do about it?Stick your arm out.The management of the Hotel Tropical
present their compliments......and hope you will enjoy
your stay with us.I see.Very sexy pants
you're wearing, James.Yes,
they're the new double-o fronts.Tell me,
Miss Goodthighs......how much did you tip the porter
to let you in here?I just showed him
a little kindness.- How much?
- Not too much.He's 83.It's a good year.So...What can I do for you?The question should be,
"What can I do for you?"- Oh, have you got any suggestions?
- This, for one.Tell me about yourself,
James.Oh, well,
I've had some pretty wild times in my life.Could you move over a bit?
You're lying on my loose change.- James, I need you.
- Yes, yes, yes.Well, I can understand that, my dear.
I can understand that.- I want to know you better.
- You're absolutely right.My goodness,
this is strong shampoo.It really is.
Look, I think I'd better freshen up a bit quick.I'll be back in five minutes.
If I'm not, start without me.<i>♪ James Bond playing at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ He won a lot of money
and a gal at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ Oh, he's not really
such a wonderful spy ♪</i><i>♪ But winning lots of money and a gal,
he's a fabulous guy ♪</i>Evelyn! Evelyn!Evelyn! Evelyn!Evelyn, Evelyn.
Evelyn, wake up! Up!- Huh? Huh? Huh?
- Evelyn, what's the matter? Wake up!- You were drugged!
- What?- You were drugged.
- Yes, I know I was drugged.I put the antidote pill in,
and then...Hey, I thought those antidote pills
were supposed to give me 24-hour protection!Complete protection, they told me.I've got to get
Sir James Bond...There is no time for such...Oh, Evelyn.
Look at you!You're even wearing your glasses,
and you know you're not supposed to do that.- James Bond doesn't wear glasses.
- Yes, but I...It's just that I like to see
who I'm shooting.There are only a few hours left
before the game.Now,
get freshened up.Yeah,
what about Miss Goodthighs?Don't worry. I took care of her.
Now, concentrate on the game.Vesper,
I've given this game a lot of thought.When I go into
that casino tonight......I'm going to sit down opposite Le Chiffre,
look him straight in the eye, and say...No cards.<i>- Neuf à la banque.</i>
- It's amazing! He never loses.<i>La banque gagne.
La partie est terminée.</i>Quiet.
Absolute silence, please.For this experiment,
I require the assistance of a young lady from the audience.Any lady at all. You, madam.
Look me in the eyes.And you, George,
keep your eyes on my chips.I present you......with the levitation of
the Princess Ayisha.An illusion taught to me
by an ancient vegetarian......in the mountain vastnesses
of Tibet.She feels no pain.My assistants will enshroud the young lady
in this perfectly ordinary paisley shawl.Now,
will you all place your hands on the table?Now,
let's get the show off the ground.Keep your hand in place, madam,
and continue to ascend......in thin air.Don't take your eyes from her,
not one of you.This is by your perfect concentration,
the young lady remains floating in thin air.Oh, excuse me, madam.
Sorry to keep you hanging around.- Ah. Monsieur, you wish to make a deposit?
- Yes.- Uh, how much?
- 100,000 pounds sterling.You can keep the case
with my compliments.Well, thank you, Monsieur.
Uh, could we have the name, please?Bond.
James Bond.James Bond?Yes,
James Bond.Yes,
James Bond.I wonder if you'd be kind enough
to sign my autograph book?- Hmm, yes.
- It's not for me, you understand.It's my little sister.I wonder if you'd be kind enough
to put your autograph on that receipt......for the 100,000 pounds sterling, please?But of course, Mr. Bond.It's not for me, it's for somebody else.
Now what happens?- First. We go to the casino director's office.
- Point me. Just point me.- What's the matter?
- Oh, nothing.It's just a bit different from
the Buckingham Club, that's all.Bond has arrived.Bond is here. All staff on the alert.
Come in.Ah! Hello.
How nice to see you again.- How are you?
- May I introduce...- We have met.
- Mr. Slymington Jones, Mr. James Bond.- How do you do?
- How do you do?- Do make yourself comfortable.
- Thank you.I see you've put a tiger
in your office.Yes,
I have several, actually.That one that you so cleverly spotted,
the head on the wall over there...Yes....and the one you're about to trip over.
Do be careful.Yes.The man in the white coat
is Le Chiffre.Don't be afraid.
It's a one-way mirror.- Which way?
- That way.- No card.
- No card.<i>Neuf à la banque.</i>Mr. Bond.You can watch Le Chiffre
better on here.He's bought the bank for the evening,
and he's winning consistently......and showing off
with his magic throughout.- Why the dark glasses?
- Here.So if Le Chiffre wears the same kind of glasses,
he knows every card on the table.Oh, yes,
infrared glasses.What a cheat!Listen,
Evelyn.You win, and Le Chiffre will almost certainly
be killed by his organisation.But he'd try and avoid that,
wouldn't he?- If you win, yes.
- How?- By trying to kill you.
- As in dead?Yes.
But don't worry about that now.Let's go down there,
and you play the game of your life.Yes,
I better had.There may not be
too much more of it left. Hmm.- Vesper...
- Don't worry, I take care of you.Well, eh.
It's all under control now.- I hope so.
- Yes.- Well, excuse me.
- Willingly.<i>Messieurs, faites vos jeux.</i>I believe you have my name
in the crevice.James Bond.<i>- Pardon, monsieur?</i>
- Bond. James Bond.Oh, yes,
Mr. Bond.Bond?
James Bond?The name is familiar.I don't believe
I've had the pleasure......though I'm flattered
you've heard of me.I have heard of you,
but not as an expert on baccarat.Well then,
I'm sorry you weren't told.Do you think that went unnoticed,
Mr. Bond?I see everything
that goes on at this table.- Nothing escapes me.
- I'm quite sure it doesn't.But you know,
we mustn't forget that:"The beggar who is sitting
in the market place..."...is completely deaf..."...insomuch as far as listening..."...to the song
that is coming from..."...the mockingbird
is concerned."I'm sorry, Mr. Bond,
I don't get the connection.You will.
You will.Sim salabim.When you're quite ready.For my next experiment,
I require the use of a perfectly ordinary......gentleman's pocket handkerchief.From the pocket of one
perfectly ordinary gentleman.That's the kind of remark
that leads to war.How much better for all humanity
if all the nations could learn to live together in peace.Marvelous.
Marvelous.More!Oh, all right.
That's finished, is it?Oh, fantastic. Wonderful.
Incredible. Incredible, isn't it?Absolutely marvellous.
I've never seen anything like it.And now, if you're ready,
Monsieur Le Chiffre.I would like to play baccarat.
I use the Evelyn Tremble method.Who?
You read Tremble?I thought he'd only published
a few paperback editions.Well, I have an autographed first edition.
It's a bit dog-eared now, mind you.I've been through it a few times,
but it has a certain...Uninformed quality?<i>Six à la ponte et neuf à la banque.</i><i>- La banque gagne.</i>
- He keeps winning.Aren't you a little out of your depths,
Mr. Bond?In the last 20 minutes,
I have ruined two Greeks and a maharajah.You know, Mr. Bond,
we aren't playing for marbles.The night is young.And the rose garden is already
littered with my victims.Yes, but the..."...beggar who sit in marketplace..."...are deaf to song of nightingale."You amuse me,
Mr. Bond.I'm glad
you're enjoying me.Shall we double the bank?Not bad.
If it'll improve your game.<i>Pas de cartes.</i>
No card.<i>- Sept à la banque.</i>
- It's amazing. He never loses.<i>Cinq à la ponte.
La banque gagne.</i>What about one
for the road?It looks as though luck isn't on your side
of the road tonight, old man.She has a habit
of moving around.Then we might as well
double the bank again.Suppose I were
to treble it?Treble it?
You haven't any chips.I think my credit's good.Bond credit good.The bank now stands at
50 million francs.Very well.Good-bye, Mr. Bond.
It's been nice knowing you.<i>Pas de cartes.</i>
No card.Baccarat.He lost!Good-bye, Monsieur Le Chiffre.
It was nice knowing you.Let's not say good-bye, Mr. Bond.
Let's just say <i>au revoir.</i>Lovely.Credit my account,
would you?<i>La partie est terminée.</i>- A remarkable performance, Mr. Bond.
- Thank you very much.- A trifle unusual, perhaps but...
- How would you like the money?- A cheque in any Swiss bank.
- Would you like the cheque now?- Oh, yes, now.
- Yes, now, yes.I'll arrange it with the cashier.
You can pick it up as you go out.- Excuse me.
- Willingly.Mr. Bond, what are your movements
for the rest of the evening?Oh, we thought we'd have a bite to eat
in the restaurant.Then back
to the hotel.And you're leaving Royale
first thing in the morning?Are we?- The Inspector isn't asking us. He's telling us.
- Oh.A police car will escort you
from the hotel to the airport.- Mr Mathis.
- Yes?There's something
been worrying me.You're a French police officer,
and yet you have a Scots accent.Aye.It worries me, too.Haven't by any chance seen a young lady
in a green dress, have you?Let me see, sir. Would that be
a lady with a black bag over her head......being manhandled by two
unsavory gentlemen?- Could very well be, yes.
- She went that way, sir, in a car.A very fast car.- Moss?
- Yes, sir?- Look!
- Yes, sir.- Follow that car.
- Yes, sir.I'll use Fangio next time.
Idiot.Grand Prix enthusiasts may be worried
by the amount of time......it's taken me to get into
this Lotus Formula Three.What they don't realise is that,
although Le Chiffre thinks......he has a faster car than me,
I am faster in my Lotus Formula Three.Wake up, Mr. Bond.
Wake up.Well, now,
Mr. Bond.You've had your little victory at the baccarat table.
Now it's my turn.Now, I'm going to have to have that cheque,
Mr. Bond.Smersh is going to be very unhappy
about that money.- You mean, you're going to torture me?
- Persuade you, Mr. Bond. Persuade you.Don't worry about that chair
with the hole in the middle.It's merely waiting
to be reupholstered.By me.You have an inventive mind,
Mr. Bond.But my methods are
much more subtle.- They have to be.
- What are you going to do?Physically,
I'm not going to do anything.Oh, you're going to
nothing me to death.Torture of the mind.The most exquisite torture
is all in the mind.I'm going to have to have that cheque,
Mr. Bond.Suppose Mr. Bond isn't ready
to give it to you?You are a tiresome little man.
Let's try another approach.It's a beauty contest,
Mr. Bond.You're supposed
to pick the winner.Excuse me.
Are you Richard Burton?No,
I'm Peter O'Toole.Then you're the finest man
that ever breathed.- God bless you, sir.
- Thank you.You've changed my plans,
Miss Lynd.But neither you nor Bond will leave here
till I get that cheque!Mr. Tremble.Never trust a rich spy.Le Chiffre,
you're a fool.Smersh believed
you could win at baccarat.- All I need is 24 hours.
- It's too late.Oh, Daddy, I do so long to meet him.
All the girls do. He really turns me on.Did that finishing school
teach you to talk like that?- No, I taught them. Oh, to be a pet, Daddy.
- Be a good girl.Now run along,
watch the changing of the guard.- I bet Mommy would've taken me in.
- Mommy took everyone in.Hey, put me down!
Put me down!- What is it, a film?
- It must be a commercial.No time for window-gazing,
Moneypenny.- Mata's been kidnapped.
- But, Sir James...That's an unidentified flying object.
Clever of you to notice it.And there's a squadron of our fastest jets tracking it down.
Control?- That's the canteen.
- Oh. Control!Contact all operatives immediately.
We must find out where it lands.Hold on. Air ministry.
They've lost it.What do you mean, you've lost it?
You were right on its tail.For sure you must have
one plane fast enough...I see.
They stopped building those last week.Come in.- I wonder if you'd care to help us.
- Oh, could you come back...Oh, yes.
Do please come in, sister.It's our annual collection
for needy girls.Your receipt.This department has always
been very helpful to needy girls.That's strange.
We've never had a receipt before.Yes."They're taking your daughter
to Casino Royale."Sister McTarry."The Prime Minister,
urgently.- Daddy'll come after me.
- That's what we're hoping.You won't get away with it.Move to the door, Mata Bond.
You are a prisoner of Smersh.We already have most
of your father's agents here.You will complete the set.Looks like a Smersh convention.Monsieur <i>le directeur</i>
wishes to see you urgently.- It is about your daughter.
- Tactic 4-B if necessary.I will tell him
you are here.Hold it!
Back up.Face the curtains.March!<i>You are now entering
the Smersh headquarters of Dr. Noah.</i>Tactic 33-A.Now.<i>Operation James Bond
completed.</i>Dr. Noah, I presume.
Why don't you come out and face me?<i>Because you are going to
come in and face me.</i>Sir!Moneypenny!<i>This is an historic day in our saga,
Sir James.</i><i>The day Smersh finally eliminated
the original James Bond.</i><i>- His world will soon follow.</i>
- This is all very impressive.<i>You might be even more impressed
to meet one of my 1,000 doubles...</i><i>...waiting for the moment
when I command them to take over the world.</i>It's fantastic.
May I take a closer look?<i>It's quite perfect.</i>- Good Lord, it's my nephew.
- Jimmy Bond!This explains the Caribbean assignment.
Is this some kind of a joke?- He can't speak.
- Never could in my presence.Psychological block he's had since childhood,
based on hero worship.- He's Dr. Noah?
- My nephew, the head of Smersh?You mean, I have been bombed, bullied
and baited out of retirement to deal with you?- Do you suppose he's a junkie?
- Leave this to me.Now, Jimmy, as your uncle,
I really must insist...What is it?He put a sheet of invisible glass
between us.I never should've have let Nellie
send him to progressive school.What's that?
Dr. Noah's bacillus.Now, Jimmy,
even you wouldn't release germ warfare.<i>Handle these capsules
with care.</i><i>Dr. Noah's bacillus is
highly contagious.</i><i>This germ, when distributed
in the atmosphere...</i><i>...will make all women beautiful
and destroy all men over 4' 6".</i><i>Please handle these capsules
with care.</i>So that's
your plan, huh?A world full of beautiful women,
and all men shorter than yourself.Good evening.All this trouble just to make up for
your feeling of sexual inferiority?I'm beginning to think
you're a trifle neurotic.Maybe you can explain me,
why was I abducted from the roulette table......and subjected to this,
hatever it is?Because, of all Uncle James' 007s,
you're the most beautiful......and the most desirable.Do you treat all the girls
you desire this way?Yes. So, yes. I undress and tie them up.
Yes. I learned that in the Boy Scouts.- Lovely.
- Let me ask you a question.Do I appear menacing to you at all?
What are you laughing at?Nothing,
I just think...Did you ever see yourself
in the mirror lately?Oh, I think you should.You are a wretched, grotesque,
ridiculous, insignificant little monster.Are you saying to me that you find Uncle James
more attractive than I am?Uncle James, he's a real man.
Wow!Do you realise that anything Uncle James can do,
I can do better?Ah,
that will be the day.You're crazy.
You are absolutely crazy.- They called Einstein crazy.
- That's not true.- No one ever called Einstein crazy.
- They would have, if he carried on like this.People respected Einstein.Einstein could never have conceived of
something like this.It looks like an aspirin......it tastes like an aspirin,
but it's not an aspirin.- It's cyanide.
- This pill contains 400 tiny little time pills.They go off in the body in little explosions,
forming a chain reaction.It turns the person
into a walking atomic bomb.Einstein's bomb was crude.
This is brilliant.It's crude
to tie up women.Listen, in a week,
it'll be April Fool's Day, my birthday.On that day, the order goes out
to have all world leaders assassinated......and my doubles
take their places.In five days' time,
I'll be ruler of the earth.- How would you like to be my co-ruler?
- Why not?What do you mean,
"Why not?"- You hate me.
- Oh, I don't know.I'm beginning to wonder
if the real genius of the Bond family......is not right here in the room
with me now.- Why don't you unlock me?
- Yes. Yes, I will.- I'll unlock you immediately and we'll run amok.
- Thank you.- If you're too tired, we'll walk amok.
- Uh, I'm so sorry for all the things I said.- I didn't really mean it.
- Oh, yes. You're forgiven.- Oh. The dress.
- Here.- Slip into this.
- Thank you. Oh, just a moment. Be careful.- Yes. I don't want to damage any of your parts.
- Oh. Oh, thanks.Lovely.Uh.
Thank you.Oh. Now......turn yourself, like a nice fool,
while I slip this on.Yes.
Yes, I'll wait over here.This'll show Sir James once and for all
which of us has the perfect body.The poor boob.
Hurry, my dear.I have great plans
for us.It's vaporised lysergic acid.
It's highly explosive.<i>You are now entering
Dr. Noah's personal aircraft...</i><i>...where our beloved leader has assembled
an incredible collection...</i><i>...of the world's
most distinguished doubles.</i>Dr. Noah's jet orbital space plane
welcomes you aboard.Yes, she a great likeness, isn't she?
I copied her right down to the last stuff...The two of us have had some
profoundly moving religious experiences.How do you like this place?I had a decorator help me with it,
but I worked with her.<i>Here your leader has
remoulded ordinary agents...</i><i>...and fashioned them into replicas
of the world's greatest figures...</i><i>...in culture, politics
and the arts.</i>- Look! They're uncovered!
- These are not doubles.These are
the real people.I've already
substituted my robots for them.At this very minute, the world is being ruled
by duplicates under my control.- Oh, well, that explains a lot of things.
- Your rain-cooled Taittinger, sir.The drink.- For you.
- Think of it, madam.A world free of poverty,
and pestilence, and war......a world where
all men are created equal......where a man, no matter how short,
can score with a top broad......where each man, regardless of race,
creed, color, gets free dental work.A chance of subscription-buying
of all the good things in life.- But, Noah, you are for all this?
- No, no. I'm against all this.Oh, I love politics.- To your future.
- I'll drink to that.- My very special champagne.
- With your very special pill in it.What are you talking about?It looks like an aspirin,
it tastes like an aspirin......but it isn't an aspirin,
and you just swallowed it.You're lying.398 more of those little pills
to go off.Have a real bomb
of an evening.Alka-Seltzer!Right?Blow it!Charge!- Delightful vintage, sir.
- 297.Smooth to
the palate.Here, there's a fish in my mixture.
You fool!- Uh, I say, super place for a coming-out party.
- Now, now, Mata.Through here.Down!Look! Quick!
Before the fuel burns out.Try not to
look conspicuous.Good Lord,
it's one of ours.Oh, sir!Sir, we've got to get out of here
before it blows up.- We've got to find that office.
- What office?The one we came down in,
of course.Leave this to me.Where's the office?- The office?
- Come on, quick.That's very civil of you, sir,
thank you.- Come on, give me a hand.
- Look out!Follow me.Charge!Mata,
put your finger in the tiger's ear.- The tiger's what?
- It works the doors.Good.What's the strategy, sir?Get out of the bloody place
before it blows up.- Everybody stay close behind me.
- Oh, no. Not me.I'm not chancing that casino again.
I'd rather slide down a drainpipe.Beautiful,
but no stamina.- Get the girls out of here first the back way.
- Right, sir.I'm sorry I got you into this.Good heavens, Daddy,
I couldn't have enjoyed it more.- Good show.
- Over there.Clear the building
immediately.- It's liable to blow up.
- Blow up?I want London,
Whitehall 00-07.Too bad you won't get it,
Sir James.I went through a lot of trouble
to bring you here.Dear Vesper,
the things you do for money.This time it's for love,
Sir James.- Don't expect...
- Back to the office.The American aid, sir,
it's arrived.Eighty.Seventy-nine.Geronimo!Fifty-one.Glad we could be of help,
sir.- Good Lord! Ransome, isn't it?
- A-okay, Sir James. CIC at CIA.Don't start all that again.
I haven't worked out your last dodge yet.Excuse me, sir.As you were saying,
sir?A-okay, Ransome.
A-okay.<i>- Ciao.
- Ciao.</i>Thirty-seven.<i>- Les Français sont arrivés.</i>
- I beg your pardon?<i>- Les Français sont là.</i>
- I'm sorry. My French is rather rusty."The French have arrived."Ah, splendid, thank you.
Oh, look out!<i>- Merde!</i>
- What? Look in the book.- "Ouch."
- Ah.This way.Police!I've been framed.This gun shoots backwards.
I just killed myself.Eighteen.
Wait!Seventeen.Four.Three.Two.<i>♪ Seven James Bonds at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ They came to save the world
and win the gal at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ Six of them went to a heavenly spot ♪</i><i>♪ The seventh one is going to a place
where it's terribly hot ♪</i><i>♪ The formula is safe with old 007 ♪</i><i>♪ He's got a redhead in his arms ♪</i><i>♪ Though he's a lover,
when you are in trouble ♪</i><i>♪ Have no fear, look who's here ♪</i><i>♪ James Bond! ♪</i><i>♪ They've got us on the run ♪</i><i>♪ With guns and knives ♪</i><i>♪ We're fighting for our lives ♪</i><i>♪ Have no fear, Bond is here ♪</i><i>♪ He's going to save the world
at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ At Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ The formula is safe with old 007 ♪</i><i>♪ He's got a redhead in his arms ♪</i><i>♪ Though he's a lover,
when you are in trouble ♪</i><i>♪ Have no fear, look who's here ♪</i><i>♪ James Bond! ♪</i><i>♪ They've got us on the run ♪</i><i>♪ With guns and knives ♪</i><i>♪ We're fighting for our lives ♪</i><i>♪ Have no fear, Bond is here ♪</i><i>♪ He's going to save the world
at Casino Royale ♪</i><i>♪ James Bond is here ♪</i><i>♪ So have no fear ♪</i>