(PEOPLE CHATTERING)- 1.567 makes it eight degrees north.
- Uh-huh.MAN: Altair, Alpha Centauri and Sirius.LEO: Matt Shepherd?It's just a party, and he asked me.- He's really nice.
- Yeah, to you, maybe.You guys getting
some good work done over here?- Yeah.
- Yeah.Yeah, yeah. Sounds like it.What's the bright one?Mizar. It's a double star.Good. The one next to it?- Alcor.
- Good, Biederman.And the one next to that?- I don't know.
- It's Megrez.- LEO: I don't think so.
- Well, you just said you didn't know.Well, it's not Megrez.
It's something else.Look.It's south, about 10 degrees.It's probably a satellite.Let's take another picture.
We'll send it to Dr. Wolf.Yes, sir.- It's Megrez.
- It's not Megrez.- It is.
- It's not.(WHISPERS) It is.(LA BOHÈME PLAYING ON RADIO)(HUMMING TO TUNE)(DECREASES VOLUME)Well, hello there, little fella.Do I know you?Where are you going in such a hurry?(KEYBOARD CLACKING)And there.(COMPUTER BEEPING)Come on.Damn it.Biederman.Come on, you miserable piece of crap.(TIRES SQUEALING)(COUNTRY MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO)Come on, come on.(VOLUME INCREASES)AUTOMATED VOICE: You have reached
the Department of Planetary Sciences.If you know the extension
of the person you're calling...(SINGING ALONG)Ow! Jesus!Damn it!(SCREAMING)News relating to the recall
of American troops from abroad.Tragedy struck today
as a charter aircraftcarrying an Army unit returning from
duty in Japan crashed this morning...The White House press office says
Secretary of the Treasury Rittenhouseis resigning because his wife is sick.MAN: Sick, my ass.So, who passed Rittenhouse
the hemlock?AFL-CIO wanted him off
the Council of Economic Advisersfor not supporting the pension bill,and the President's
going to need Labor next fall.And State's still fuming about
the Trade Office screw-up at the G8.Pentagon is unhappy
with his readiness reduction proposals.BETH: Greenspan dislikes him.STUART: Christ!
Who didn't this guy piss off?No wonder the wife's sick.(ALL LAUGHING)JENNY: She's not sick. She's a drunk.How do you know that?Mike Woodward over at Treasury.Mrs. Rittenhouse started drinking
a couple of years agowhen her husband
had a series of affairs.Stepped it up last summer
after their son died of leukemia.You wanna do something
on "the price that wives pay"?- STUART: What else?
- Mike Woodward?- Wife, three kids?
- He's been after me for months,so I threw him a breakfast
and hit him up about Rittenhouse.Bob Campbell's leaving.So at midnight Saturday,
anchor shift's opening up.Why would I wanna give up the White
House for a graveyard weekend?No, no, no. Not for you. For me.- No.
- Beth.We'll talk about this later. Very calm.The President will be back
from Camp David tomorrow.- Business news, Ira?
- JENNY: Beth.You know what?
Just keep working on Rittenhouse.Maybe Mike's available for dinner.You know, do the usual research,
background information.- MAN: I'll talk to you about it after lunch.
- Okay. That's it!JENNY: Beth, wait.- Listen, Beth, what if it wasn't...
- God, Jenny.- ... permanent?
- Look, honey, this is how it works.You've done two years of research.
Now do three as a segment producer,five on-air doing domestic features,another two in some
cholera-ridden hellhole,(STAMMERS) and then, you know what?I'll quit if they don't give you
a weekend anchor shot.Hello, Caitlin, there you are.Are you protecting me
orjust holding me back?- Yes.
- Okay.Rittenhouse tape and text on my desk
by 4:00 tomorrow.- Yes.
- Then we'll drop in the reverses- for the five.
- Okay.ROBIN: So at this moment right now...Thank you. The pretty little girls
are walking down the aisle.They're spreading flowers.- The twins, what are their names?
- JENNY: Emma and Susanna.They're walking down the aisles
and they're dropping rose petals,and everyone's smiling at them.JENNY: Mother,
is this really such a good idea?- Now she's walking down the aisle. Yes.
- Okay.And she stands beside him.
And the priest says, "Dearly beloved..."- Judge.
- And the judge says...(MUTTERING)sickness and health...
"Do you, Jason Lerner, take...""... Chlorine Whatchamacallit?"- (SNICKERS) Mom!
- What?- Chloe.
- What did I say?(LAUGHS) You said... You said,
"Chlorine. " Her name's Chloe.(BOTH CHUCKLING)- Well, it's still a terrible name.
- Yeah.And Jason says, "Lie, lie, lie, lie,
till death do us part."(MUTTERING)And she says, "Yes,"
and he says, "Yes,"and it's kissy, kissy, kissy
and congratulations.Jenny, you now have a new stepmother
who is two years older than you.(SOFTLY) Check.Well, anyway, as much as I would like
to stay here and get silly with you, Mom,- I can't. I gotta go.
- I know, I know, I know.I'm sorry about this.We'll get over it. I love you.I love you, too.Be good.I was with the secretary since
he's been governor of Connecticut.Came to Washington with him.I moved here because
I was dedicated to his career.I trusted the man.And then he fucked me.- He what?
- No, I didn't have sex with him.I should say, I didn't have sex with him,
but somebody sure did.It was about to come out,
so he resigned.But because I was hired
from outside the government pool,I don't get conveyed to the next
secretary, so now I'm out a job.Because he couldn't keep his hands
off women.- Do you have proof?
- He thinks he was being so clever.He had a private phone line
installed in his office.Nobody else could answer it.I picked it up once, said hello,
and it's nobody home.It rings, he shuts the door.
Why not hang a sign?Do you have a name?(SCOFFS) This is what I get
for talking to the press.I'm selling my soul right now.
I can feel it. I can feel it.I name a name
and get someone into trouble.So you do have a name.Just a first name.
Oh, my God, I'm going to say it.Ellie.Ellie? Nothing else?I think the President knows about it, too.Overheard the secretary
talking to him about her.(SCOFFS) Isn't Washington sick?Hi.How you doing?Can I help you?Well, actually, we're looking
for your mom. Is she around?My mom's sick. She's not here.Gosh, I love boats.
Are you going on a trip?Yeah.That's exciting. Looks like a...Like a long trip, huh?So listen,
do you know where you're going?RITTENHOUSE: She's going back
to the house.Hey. You wanna stop that?Lily, please?Lily, that's a pretty name.Lily, do as I say.Go on. I'll be right there.If we could just get a minute
of your time.What do you want from me?Well, we'd like to talk
about your resignation.My wife is sick. She's in the hospital.That's why I resigned.
Everybody knows this.We could talk about your wife,
or we could just talk about Ellie.Turn the camera off.If you wanna talk to me, turn it off.Cut it.- We know everything.
- Nobody knows everything.Well, we know about
the secret phone linesand the whispered calls
to the President.And about a secretary of the Treasury
who's kept his entire departmentin the dark about what he's really doing,
about a cover storyabout his resignation
that just fell through.I mean, sir, you want me to go on?And you're just gonna break it?Well, that's what we do for a living.Well, congratulations.You now have the biggest story
in history.Good luck to you.Personally, I think it's a mistake
to run the story,but, hey, what the hell?Why not?What difference
does anything make anymore?Look.I know you're just a reporter,but you used to be a person, right?I wanted to be with my family.Can you understand that?Okay, Secretary of the Treasury
Alan Rittenhouse resignsbecause of a mistress named Ellie.Biggest story in history?(SCOFFS)What an ego.Now, if it was the President...Whoa, whoa, whoa!Okay, the President
has a mistress named Ellie,and Rittenhouse pretends
that he's having the affairand takes the fall and resigns,
and the President buys him a yacht?(EXCLAIMS)Son of a bitch!Shit. Shit.What? Okay, okay!God. No, God.FBl. If you would please, ma'am?- What do I do with the car?
- We'll take care of the car.Just step back to my car.- Get her car here.
- Got it.FBl AGENT: Let's go.Would you come this way, please?Morton Entrekin, Ms. Lerner.I'm expected back at MSNBC at 6:00,and I think I should be there.People knew about
the Manhattan Project, you know,and they kept it a secret.That was just the creation
of the atom bomb.(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)Hmm.(DOOR OPENING)Ms. Lerner? Tom Beck.I understand
you've come into some information.Ms. Lerner was just expressing
her lack of enthusiasmfor matters of national security where
journalistic competitiveness is at stake.Mr. President, I'm not interested
in using Ellie to further my career.What do you know about E.L.E.?I know you should have picked
a better cover story than a sick wife.See? What'd I tell you?We'd always thought the deadline
for going publicwas the publication of the budget,since we've spent more money
than we can hide.But the budget comes out in two weeks.I don't suppose I could convince you
to sit on this for two weeks.No such thing as two weeks
in the news business.And I can't appeal to your sense
of what's in the nation's best interest.Well, I always thought the truth
was in the nation's best interest.ENTREKIN: You wanna hold her?BECK: What if we go public in 48 hours?
Now, that's doable, isn't it?ENTREKIN: That would be very difficult,
Mr. President.Morton,if she knows, how long can it be before
CNN or The Post breaks the story?Now, this was never gonna be a secret
as long as you wanted it to be.Give us two days, Ms. Lerner.You'll get second-row center
at the White House press conference.Now, from what I know of your career,
that's a promotion.- I want exclusivity.
- Now, listen, young lady,this is a presidential favor.I'm letting you go because
I don't want another headache,and I'm trusting you because I know
what this can do for your career.It might seem that we have each other
over the same barrel, Ms. Lerner,but it just seems that way.- I want the...
- "Want"?May I?May I have the first question?I'll see you Tuesday, Ms. Lerner.Come on. Come on, come on.(SIGHS)E- L-E, E-L-E.E.Paleontology.Paleontology. What does paleontology
have to do with anything?Come on. Come on, come on.- BETH: Hey!
- Hey.- Look who's working late.
- Yep.- How's Rittenhouse going?
- No sign of the wife yet.- Is she missing?
- No. We're still working on it.- We'll get there.
- I know. It's a dull story.I promise you, next time we'll get you
something more exciting.Great.- Are you okay?
- Yeah.- Wanna come to dinner with us?
- I can't, I can't. I got... I have plans.Okay. Well, we'll see you tomorrow.MAN: This is your table.
JENNY: Thank you.(PIANO PLAYING)JASON: Here she is.Jenny.Hi, Chloe.WAITER: Would you like
some champagne, miss?Martini. Up.Big.WAITER: Good.I missed you.
I mean, we missed you yesterday.I must say, I'm...I'm disturbed
that you didn't come to our wedding.- Jason, you promised.
- I know I promised,but it was a beautiful event
and I missed her.You should've been there. The twins,
they were running around like madand throwing flowers and...
It was wonderful.Especially Emma.
You know, the little one?She loves you.- She adores you.
- It was beautiful.- Yes. She missed you, too.
- All right.This is from us, for you.Are you not going to open it?(SIGHS)(WHISPERING)
I knew she wouldn't like...You can exchange them
if you don't like them.Jenny, I know this is hard.
I just want you to be happy.Happy.Well, I would like to propose
a toast to happinessand to...Mmm. Mmm.Well, are we going to have
an evening or not?Jenny, I know that you hate me.I know that you have terrible things
that you wanna say to me.You have to get over it. Life goes on.(SNICKERING) Life goes on, okay.What's so funny?Life...We'll see.What's so funny about "life goes on"?What? Life going on?I don't think it's so funny
that life goes on.Dad, you need
to get back together with Mom,because she's all alone in the world
and she needs you right now, okay?Jenny,- I just got married.
- I know, I know, and I'm sorry.Chloe, this has nothing to do with you.JASON: Well, it has to do something
for me, for Christ's sake.This is insane.I have to apologize for my daughter.Listen, it's not your fault.All right, I have to go.I know you think I'm a bad person.
I'm really not.And I don't hate you.I gotta... I just... I gotta go.(REPORTERS REPORTING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGES)WOMAN 1: Hi, Jane. How are you?
WOMAN 2: How are you?MAN: Yeah, I'm coming!(PEOPLE CHATTERING)BETH: She's done exactly
what we want her to do.She signed the release,
and so you have no problem.Because for her, it does... Excuse me.- Jenny.
- Hey! How are you?- What are you doing here?
- Excuse me. Sorry.Did Stuart send you here
without telling me?No, Beth. I was gonna talk to you...You know what, if Stuart thinks he can
push me out of the White House...Ms. Lerner. Hi, Beth.Right this way.
I've got you right down here.Excuse me, please.Okay.He'll find you for the first question.
Then you're on your own.Hey. How are you? Yeah.WOMAN: Ladies and gentlemen.Ladies and gentleman, please.The President will begin
by addressing the nation.Please hold your questions
until he's finished his remarks.Ladies and gentlemen,
the President of the United States.Hello, everybody.- Mr. President.
- Mr. President.MAN: Ten seconds, Mr. President.Five, four...Good evening.A few minutes ago, the United States'
ambassadors to every countryin the world
told the leaders of those nationswhat I am about to tell you.It's a bit complicated,
so it will take some time.So I hope you will bear with me,
hear what I have to say.A little over a year ago,two American astronomers,
Marcus Wolf and Leo Biederman,working on a mountaintop in Arizona...(SHUSHING) Nobody say anything.ON TV:... saw something in the night sky
that caused them great concern.A comet.But the comet was... Well,there was a remote possibility
that the comet was on a paththat could bring it into direct contact
with the Earth.(REPORTERS MURMURING)Now, we get hit all the time
by rocks and meteors.Some of them the size of cars,
some no bigger than your hand.But the comet we discovered
is the size of New York City,from the north side of Central Park
to the Battery.About 7 miles long.Put another way,this comet is larger than Mount Everest.It weighs 500 billion tons.Now, chances are that this thing
will miss us...Astrophysicists, geologists
and climatologists.Where the hell is Science?Paris, London, Tokyo, Tel Aviv.
I want it everywhere.That guy at Berkeley,
did Hale-Bopp stand-ups?And graphics? I need graphics!BECK ON SCREEN:
Comets begin far out in space.They're what's left over
from the creation of the solar systemafter the planets were formed
billions of years ago.Now, these chunks of space debrisare in an elongated orbit
around our sun.But every now and then,
one of them gets bumped,sort of like a billiard ball on a pool table,
and is knocked into a different orbit.Now, if this comet
continues on its path around the sunand keeps its present course,sometime on August 16,
roughly a year from now,there's a chance
that we might have impact.So for the past eight months,
the United States and Russiahave been building
the largest spaceship ever constructed.It's being built in orbit around the Earth,and we call it the Messiah.And right now, a team ofAmerican
astronauts and one Russianare at Cape Canaveral in Florida.In two months,they will leave on the shuttle Atlantis
to board the Messiah.This is the crew that will stop the comet.I'd like the world to meet
some extraordinary people.First is Mission Commander
Oren Monash.Commander, would you introduce us
to your team?I would be honored, sir.Pilot, Andrea Baker.Medical Officer Gus Partenza.From Russia, Nuclear Specialist
Colonel Mikhail Tulchinsky.Navigator Mark Simon,and Rendezvous Pilot Spurgeon Tanner.- Hello, Mr. President.
- Hello, Mr. President.Captain Tanner,
you flew six shuttle missions.You were the last man to walk
on the moon, weren't you, sir?Yes, sir,but Oren here will be doing
most of the flying on this one.I'll just be taking us down
to the comet surface.Well, it's good to know we're going
to have your kind of experience- up there, Captain.
- Thank you, sir.Godspeed to you all.
We're counting on you.Thank you, sir.Got Beijing, Rome, São Paulo,
Cairo, Berlin.Does anyone know how big the one was
that killed all the dinosaurs?Something majestic, mysterious,
with a fanfare for the introand a theme to the longer promos.- It's hitting the goddamn Earth?
- MAN: That's what he's saying.- Bring that up again.
- He'll scare the shit out of everybody.Our society will continue as normal.Work will go on.You will pay your bills.(REPORTERS CHUCKLING)There will be no hoarding.There will be no sudden profiteering.
I'm freezing all wages, all prices.What a bottle of water
cost you yesterday,it will cost you tomorrow.Now I'll take a few questions.(REPORTERS CLAMORING)Ms. Lerner?(JENNY CLEARS THROAT)Jenny Lerner, MSNBC.- Jenny Lerner?
- Son of a bitch.Mr. President,why wasn't this announcement
made sooner?Well, until we knew
we could build the rocketand the comet could be intercepted,we saw no reason to alarm the planet.(REPORTERS CLAMORING)Do you have another question,
Ms. Lerner?Yeah.Is there a connection
between the cometand the recall
of American troops from abroad?BECK: Our fighting men and women
are coming homebecause we felt it prudent,
in light of domestic security concerns,to have them available.Although I certainly hope
we don't need to use them.Next question.(REPORTERS CLAMORING)Actually, Mr. President, if...
Just one final question, sir.MSNBC has learned
that Secretary Rittenhousedid not leave for the reasons
announced by your administration.In fact, isn't it true, sir,that not everyone in your administration
is convincedthat the Messiah will save us?Secretary Rittenhouse
served his country with full devotion.He resigned for personal reasons.Now, I can promise you this,
Ms. Lerner, all of you,everyone in this room
and everyone listening to my voice,that at some point
over the next 10 months,all of us will entertain our worst fears
and concerns.But I can also promise you this.Life will go on.We will prevail.Mr. President! Please!BECK: Sally.
SALLY: Sir! Sir.What is the comet's name?The two scientists who found the comet
were killed in a car crashwhile racing from their observatory
to alert the world.So we named it for them,
Wolf-Biederman.(CHUCKLES) Leo Biederman.
They said it again.(SHUSHING)Leo, is he talking about you?- He is, isn't he?
- I'm trying to listen.(PHONE RINGING)Why were the Russians
brought into the construction phase...(DOORBELL RINGS)- Honey, can you get that, please?
- Janie, get the door.BECK: Well, we have the technology
to build the ship.They have the technology to make it go.There's someone at the door for you,
Leo.(REPORTERS CLAMORING)MAN: You've been watching
live coverage of President Tom Beck.- I can't believe this. This is so weird.
- Dr. Wolf from Astronomy Club?- Yeah, I guess so.
- I think it's really neat.Nobody on our block discovered
the world was gonna end before.DON: He's still very much alive.
He's still alive, everyone!(CHUCKLES) He's right here,
and he's still alive. Okay?(NEIGHBORS CLAMORING)BOY: Hey, Leo, cool.As far as we know, what happened
was that Dr. Wolf saw the cometin my photograph,
so he shared the discovery with me.And then he was killed in that crashand everything got mixed up
in Washington,so the President thought
I was dead, too.- STUDENTS: Leo!
- Jasmine.How does it feel having your name on it?I don't want anyone to think
that I'm trying to take something awayfrom Dr. Wolf, because I'm not.But it's kind of cool.Jason.You know,you're gonna have sex a lot more now
than anyone else in our class.(STUDENTS WHOOPING)Don't listen. Don't.Really?Thank you for your sexual insight,
Mr. Thurman. You can sit down now.Famous people always get sex,
Mr. Perry.That's the main reason
it's good to be famous.(WHISPERING)Fruit, reactor. Bottle, rocket. Okay?- A nuclear reactor in space?
- Yes.- Isn't that dangerous?
- No, no, no.This is all Russian design,
Russian science.The same people
who designed Chernobyl.- WOMAN: Chernobyl?
- Chernobyl almost worked.(WOMEN GIGGLING)So what happens
after you plant the bomb?Well, we have seven hours.We're gonna put bombs inside
the comet. Let me follow these two.- I don't trust that combination.
- Okay. Right, after seven hours,the 14-hour rotational cycle
of the comet, right, spins.We're gonna get married.
God knows I want to marry you.But the day I get back, the last thing
I'm gonna do is step inside of a church.I don't do churches well.'Cause there's only
seven hours of darkness.Then the sun starts hitting the surface
of the planet and it causes...MONASH: These are your orders.Upon first entering Earth's atmosphere,proceed immediately up the exterior
of the mother ship.When the sun hits the surface,there's gonna be explosive out-gassings
that are very dangerous...- Gus, he's seven.
- ANDREA: Brittany.You boys were, what, four and six
when I went to the moon?Now, you saw me go into space
seven times, didn't you?I came back every time, didn't I?Yeah.(TANNER LAUGHS)Your mother and I used to play a game
when she was still alive.Now, the game was,if there was a chance
I might not be coming back,she wouldn't say it and I wouldn't say it.Okay?- Yes, sir.
- Yes, sir.MITCH: Hey, Fish.
TANNER: Hey, Mitch.- MITCH: How about a beer?
- You remember my boys, don't you?- This is Steve and Dwight.
- Of course I do.- Gentlemen, welcome to Houston.
- Thank you.Let me steal your old man for a second.- GIRL: Can I take your picture, please?
- Okay.(CAMERA CLICKS)Thank you.So, what do you think of the crew?Heroes all. That's the finest group
I ever had the privilege of working with.Yeah, yeah. Off the record?Well, they've been trained in ways
I'll never understand.They're smarter and in better shape
than we ever were in the old days.Sober, serious. I guess I'd be
a little happier about this whole thingif I thought that any of them
were as scared as I am.Well, they're not scared of dying.They're just scared
of looking bad on TV.GUS: Now, look,
I wish I'd been to the moon.I got respect for everybody
who's gone to the moon,but this mission ain't going to the moon.That's right. Frank Gifford, he was
a great football player in his time,but if he played now,
he'd get his ass busted.MARK: That's right.(COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING)(PEOPLE CHATTERING)All I'm saying is, the moon did not have
a rotational cycle of 14 hours.I mean, this is... We only have seven
hours of dark when the sun's not upto land on this thing. It was light
when he landed. This is gonna be dark.- We're not gonna be able to see.
- (CHUCKLING) You can't see now, Gus.MIKHAIL: Don't worry, don't worry.(MIKHAIL SPEAKING RUSSIAN)- We what?
- We can do it.No, no, stay down.I woke up this morning
and I realized none of you want me here.You don't even really know who I am,
which is okay.I walked on the moon,
but I didn't belong to you.I belonged to your daddies.
Now, if I ask you to ask your daddieswhat I meant to them,
to explain to you what I'm doing here,that's only gonna
make things worse. So...What do we do?You haven't trained for this mission.We respect you.- I appreciate that.
- But you're here...You're here because the powers that bethink we need a familiar face
on this trip.- You're here for public relations.
- No, no. I'm herebecause the powers that be know
that I'm the only person on this missionwho's ever landed on the moon.And I have 500 landings
on aircraft carriers.- We've trained on...
- On a flight simulator. Right?And this... I mean, this is not
a video game, son. It really isn't.(CHUCKLING) It really isn't. No.MAN ON PA: We are a go
for auto-sequence start.Atlantis' four onboard computersnow have primary control
of all the vehicle's critical functions.MITCH: Okay, all flight controllers.We're at T-minus 30 seconds
and counting.Let's take a close look.APUs look good,
logs and LH2 are pressurized.MAN 1 ON RADIO: Ten, nine, eight...JERRY: Flight,
we're go for auto-sequence.- MAN 2: Roger, Jerry.
- ... seven, six...- Good luck and Godspeed, Atlantis.
- MONASH ON RADIO: Thanks, Mitch.Three, two, one.NEWS PRESENTER: Propelled by
500,000 pounds of liquid fuel,the shuttle crew heads toward
their initial destination.When the crew enters the Messiah,they will find a payload
of eight nuclear devicesthat will eventually be used
to blow up the comet.The Messiah itself will be poweredby an experimental
nuclear propulsion systemthat was originally created
for a very different purpose.That program was called Orion.Now, with the help
of Russian engineers,a technology designed to propel
weapons of mass destructionwill power the ship
that will intercept the greatest threatour planet has ever faced.Orion burn in ten, nine, eight,seven, six, five,four, three, two, one, zero.Okay. Beth, White House reactions.
Marianne, the whole world watching.- We have enough satellite space?
- Seventy-eight uplinks.STUART: Tim, mission control in
Houston. Ira, the science guys lined up?If they got a Ph. D., we own them.All right, this is the most important story
of our lives. Let's not muck it up.- Stuart, what about me?
- You're on the anchor desk.(JENNY EXCLAIMS)And you could have been there
a lot sooner.- What are you talking about?
- You know what I'm talking about.Don't ever hold back a story
from me again.MITCH ON RADIO: Messiah, Houston.
Transfer trajectory is go. Cancel MCC 1.You're go to configure for coast.Roger, Houston,
we're looking good here.Jesus, that's big.Holy shit.(SPEAKING RUSSIAN)GUS: Wow.Sweet mother of God.MAN ON RADIO: All circuit breakers
are open. Master arm is off.MONASH ON RADIO: Roger.
And the detonator system is safe.(BEEPING)MITCH: Messiah, Houston.
Stand by for an uplinkof the final MOLE coordinates.
Confirm when complete.MONASH: Wilco, Houston.Hey, how's it coming?ANDREA ON RADIO:
Loading first nuke now.ANDREA: 1,000 feet to standoff.Rdot 3, 5x, 2y.500 feet. Rdot. 3, 3x, 1.5y.Go for auto trajectory.We're there.MONASH: Residuals are nulled.
ANDREA: Disengage Orion.Orion disengaged. You're on bi-prop.ANNOUNCER: This is a special
presentation of MSNBC Newswith Jenny Lerner.Good evening.Sometime in the next hour,
the Messiah missionwill enter its most critical phase.The interception of Wolf-Biederman
and the setting of the nuclear devicesthat will deflect it off
its collision course with Earth.But first, Captain Spurgeon Tanner
will have to guide the spacecraftthrough the blizzard of rocks, sand
and ice that make up the comet's tail,or coma.The crew will have to complete its work
before the sun rises.Sublimator looks good, Mick.TANNER ON RADIO:
Disengaging auto now.I'm eyeballs out from here on in.How come that doesn't
make me feel any better?TANNER: I heard that.Lights on.Cameras on.On the Mississippi River
in Mark Twain's time,there were riverboat pilots
who only knew a few miles of the river.I mean, conditions changed so much
you couldn't know the whole trip.Floods, sandbars, fallen logs.It was all a riverboat pilot could do,was to know his little piece
of the puzzle.So, for the next few hours,
this is my ship.We start our approach.JENNY ON TV:... are images
from cameras mountedinside the cargo bay of the Messiah.Now, these images are delayed
by approximately 20 seconds,due to the distance they must travel.Okay, you can see that the image
is breaking up a bit.Houston is prepared for this.They've informed us
that due to the uncertain makeupof the comet's coma,they're unsure whether or not
transmission will be possible.Okay, now it appears
we're losing reception here.Okay, we've lost picture now,
but we will stay on the air.We'll stay with you through all of this.ANDREA ON RADIO: Prop, 96%.- DAP is in descent.
- TANNER: Roger, descent.(RUMBLING)(ALARM BEEPING)Oh, my God. Look at these,
they're the size of houses.Yeah, I know. I see.Jesus Christ.Prop, 88%.(BEEPING)Cabin press, 5.7.Negative guidance errors.Whoa!TANNER: Use primary thrusters.
ANDREA: Engage thrusters.- What's the descent rate?
- Three feet per second. Two.- Fire tether pitons.
- Pitons fired.She's leveling out.(ALARM STOPS)(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)ANDREA: Depressurizing bay.
TANNER: Opening payload doors.Don't let that little bit of gravity
down there go to your heads.(TANNER CHUCKLES)Okay.Start the clock.JENNY ON TV: If all is going
according to schedule,the astronauts should now be placingthe MOLEs on the comet surface.The MOLEs are...
Well, they're what they sound like.They are drilling machines
that burrow to a depth of 100 meters,where they wait to be detonated.Each one carries
a 5,000 kiloton warhead.- How's our time?
- It's getting tight. 1:36:30.It's taking too long.Yep.What happens if they do not
get off the comet's surface in time?The sun striking the comet
will cause the temperatureto rise 350 degrees
in just a few minutes,and activate the high-speed gas jets.Well, if that happens, it will be
like trying to work in a minefield.TANNER ON RADIO: Mark,
what's your MOLE 4 readout?MARK: MOLE 4 running true at 75 feet.(BEEPING)- Son of a bitch.
- MARK: What?- It's stuck.
- Try backing it up.- ANDREA: What's your depth?
- Seventy-five feet.- Is that enough?
- No, that'll just break pieces- off the surface.
- That's not deep enough.Yeah, Fish,
I know that's not deep enough.- I'm going in.
- MARK: Oren, no.MONASH: No, I'm gonna see
if I can free it up.- Standby tether attached.
- All right, I got you.ANDREA: Oren, suit pressure, 3.5.Come on, come on.- How's my time?
- TANNER: 23:57.Another six minutes,
they won't have time to get back to us.Blow the tethers. Let's go get them.If we go after them, we may not have
enough fuel to get off the surface.Go on, blow the goddamn tethers!MOLE 3 at depth.
We're heading your way, Oren.TANNER: Calculate exactly how much
prop we need to get off this rock.- We'll shut it down when we hit it.
- Will do.MONASH: It opens up
into a cave down here.MOLE gotjammed against the side.GUS: Okay, Fish, team two
at location four. Give me your hand.- What in the hell happened?
- I don't know. I don't know.Everything was going great.
We gotjammed up at 75 feet.(GRUNTING) Okay, hold up.- All right, try backing it up.
- Roger that.- That's it.
- TANNER: No, a little more, a little more.- Shut it down.
- No, look, they always put extra- in these tanks.
- Fish, shut it down.Okay.Come on, you bastard! Come on! Time.TANNER: 1:02.Figured we'd better pick you kids up
after school.Check your six, 100 yards.I think we'd better hurry, boys.All right, it's going! It's going.(BEEPING)MONASH: MOLE's at 125 feet.The sun's rising behind you.
It's coming up fast.Face shields down!Christ.Get the hell out of there!(BEEPING RAPIDLY)(MONASH GRUNTING)(SCREAMING)TANNER: Oren, get your visor down!
Get your visor down!MONASH: My eyes!(SCREAMING)MARK: All right, we got him.
MONASH: Oh, God! My eyes!(MONASH GROANING)(CREW PANTING)(PANTING)God, we're losing one.
He's got escape velocity.1,000 feet and climbing.(SCREAMING)Mark, Mikhail, get the hell out of there!- TANNER: Firing primary thrusters.
- Payload doors still open.Close them as we go.TANNER ON TV: Houston, all MOLEs
are at depth. Nukes hot and ready.We lost Partenza
to explosive out-gassing,and Monash is injured.- We have to go get Gus.
- TANNER: There's no time for that.- Re-pressurize the cargo bay.
- He's going to die out there.We can still find him. He has a beacon.I don't have time to argue with you.
Just sit down, be quiet.- Turn on the fucking locator!
- We used most of our propellant- to get us out of the coma.
- MIKHAIL: We can't just leave him.- We have to go back!
- If we go back for Gus, we all die.We can't just leave him in space!(WHISPERING) Sit down, Mick.
Sit down. It's okay.JENNY ON TV: The Messiah has
safely lifted off the comet,but, sadly, Gus Partenza has been lost.Gus Partenza,
a native of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,and graduate
of Carnegie Mellon University,joined the NASA space programshortly after completing
his medical training at Duke University.Dr. Partenza was selected
specifically for this missionnot only for his medical expertise,
but also for his dedicationto the advancement
of space technology.Yeah.With the loss of Dr. Gus Partenza
and with Oren Monash injured,Captain Spurgeon Tanner
is now in charge of the mission.The Messiah has successfully docked
with the Orion-powered boostersand is now prepared to detonate
the bombs planted on Wolf-Biederman.The Messiah's exterior-mounted camera
will show us the detonationbut not before being temporarily
blocked out by the nuclear blast.Once again, let me remind you,
there is a 20-second delay,so when the picture comes back to us,the comet should already have been
knocked off its present course.TANNER: Prepare to remove safeties
and fire.MIKHAIL: Safeties removed.Weapons armed.(BEEPING)Three, two, one.Now.JENNY: So now we're just waiting
for the picture to come back.(ALARM BEEPING)Decompression in area six.MARK: Mick, I'll get the halon.(SCREAMING IN AGONY)(PEOPLE CHATTERING ON RADIO)(ALARM STOPS)MAN: Yes. I'm still here.(SIGHS)(SOFTLY)... even larger.
We've lost contact with the Messiah.MAN: We're live in 10 seconds.Cue the President.Mr. President, five, four, three...Hello, America.It is my unhappy duty to report to you
that the Messiah has failed.This computer-enhanced radar image
from Houstonshows how the detonation succeeded,
however, did not destroy the comet.There are now two pieces,
one 6 miles wide,the other a mile and a half.Both are still on a path towards Earth.We've lost communication
with the Messiah spacecraft,although we continue to track it visually.(CAITLIN HUMMING)We don't know how many are alive.
We don't know their condition.Now we have to make
some decisions together.What do we do? You have a choice.
We have a choice right now.Ever since the comet was discovered,we've been hoping
and working for the best,but we've also been planning
for the worst.Our strategy has been twofold.First, our Strategic Missile Commandis preparing to coordinate
with the Russiansa massive strike of Titan missiles
to intercept the comets.If we can deflect these comets enough,they will bounce harmlessly
off our atmosphereand head on out into space.Unfortunately, the Titans
cannot be launcheduntil the comets
are only a few hours away.And while we are confident
the missile attack will succeed,it is only prudent
that we now take cautionary stepsto ensure the continuation
of our way of life,to guarantee
that there will be enough of us leftto rebuild a new worldin the unlikely event
that the comets do strike the Earth.So in the soft limestone of Missouri,we've been preparing a network
of immense caves.And they're almost finished.And we can put
a million people in them.And that million people can survive
there, underground, for two years,until the air clears and the dust settles.Now, the cave is more than a dormitory.
It is our new Noah's Ark.We're storing seeds and seedlings,
plants, animals. Enough to start over.On August 10th, a computer
will randomly select 800,000 Americansto join the 200,000 scientists, doctors,engineers, teachers, soldiers and artists
who have already been chosen.Other countries are preparing similar
caves along whatever lines they feelare best to preserve their way of life.This is ours.Beginning tonight
and continuing until the crisis passes,I am declaring a state of martial law.The armed forces
and the National Guardare working with local law enforcement.A national curfew begins
at midnight tonight.Now, wherever you are, go home.Stay off the roads after sunset.Crimes against persons or property
will be dealt with swiftlyand harshly.News stations around the nation
are being faxed copiesof the lottery procedure as we speak,and they'll be broadcasting the details
to you in a few moments.(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)(SIGHS)I wish...No.Wishing is wrong.It's the wrong word right now.
That's not what I mean.What I mean is...I believe in God.Relax.BECK: I know a lot of you don't,
but I still want to offer a prayerfor our survival,mine included.Because I believe that God,whomever you hold that to be,hears all prayers,even if sometimes the answer is no.So may the Lord bless you.May the Lord keep you.May the Lord lift up
his divine countenance upon youand give you peace.WOMAN: And in five, four, three, two...We now have the details
for the national lottery.Those of you
who have been preselectedwill be notified
within the next few minutes.For the rest, on the night of August 10th,
those whose Social Security numbershave been randomly selected
by computer will be notified.While some Americansover 50 years of age
have been preselected for the Arkdue to their expertise
in a necessary field of study,no men and women over 50
in the general populationwill be included in the lottery.The...The... The evacuation of those
who have been selected for the Arkwill take no longer than two days,
beginning on August 12th.During this two-day period,
no unofficial travel will be permitted.Those selected will be taken
by bus and trainto the underground Ark site
by military personnel.Civil defense teams have been formedin every town with a population
over 5,000.They will distribute supplies
and organize group sheltersin underground parking facilities
and other appropriate sites.Construction plans,(PHONE RINGING)equipment lists and locations- for securing the necessary provisions...
- Hello?- ... along with information...
- Yes, this is Ellen Biederman.On how to grow your own food
underground and how to purify waterare now available on the Internet at...- We've been preselected.
- ... www. fcda. gov.Chuck, Chuck. Where are you going?- Our phone. They could be calling.
- ... beginning on August 9th.The only phones that ring
will be those of the people selected.That's it.That's all there is.TANNER: The interior
camera circuitry is shot.So, Andy,
can we get back into the cargo bayto reroute the video functions?Starboard cargo porthole's blown.
We could go in with the EVAs,but there's not much left
in the life-support packs.We should be able to raise Houston
on the low band once we get closer.And the Orion is still functioning?System check was okay, but I don't
know about the radiation shielding.So if we fire it up,
we beat the comet back to Earth,(CHUCKLING) but we may end up
glowing in the dark.Okay. So...Anybody?Let's go home.Okay.ROBIN: I have to say,
it's liberating knowingthat I'm not going to be called.I don't think I've ever been happier.
I've even stopped smoking.What are you gonna do
with all that extra money you save?Do you know the National Gallery
is saving all of the art?They're shipping it to the caves.I've given them my beautiful
18th-century desk from New Englandand all the Sheraton silver.I really feel like I'd protected somethingwhen I gave them.(CHUCKLES) You should see
my apartment. There's nothing there.It's practically Japanese.Seems kind of unfair that I got picked.You know,
I'm not a doctor or a scientist.People need continuity.
Everyone knows you,and they trust you.But I can't help you.Don't worry about me.I'm going to be happy as long
as I know you're going to live.(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)(SIREN WAILING)(TRUCK HONKING)Mr. Hotchner?Who did I think I was gonna be
when I bought that bike?Well, every kid on the block
wants one now.Every parent on the block
hates you for it.Well, thank you, Leo.
That's the best news I've had in years.Sir?Can you give me a hand
over here for a second?- Yes, sir.
- I just wanna get these bars up.- Hello, Mrs. Hotchner.
- Hi, Leo.A mob attacked
and killed a Miami rental yard operatorwho was charging $5,000 an hour
for backhoe and tractor rentals.CHUCK: Same old crap on the TV.
I'm really sick of it, you know?- Mrs. Hotchner?
- Sarah's on the hill.Thank you.(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)Where were you today?I've been looking all over for you.- Why weren't you at school?
- My dad said I didn't have to go.He said there's no point.I talked to civil defense.They said if you and I got married,
we'd be family and I could get you in.Well, what about my parents?
They're not your family.- I don't wanna go without my parents.
- You don't have to.I'm the famous Leo Biederman,
and I haven't used my fame for anything.But I got them to let your family go, too.You...This is your only chance to survive.JENNY ON TV: Across the country,looters continue to set fire
to abandoned stores.Fires have been left to burn,
since many firefightershave been called
to help prepare shelters.Throughout Latin America's major cities,business districts have been abandoned
to looting gangs.Emergency airlifts have been ruled out
as too dangerous.More street fighting in Moscow
as food and fuel shortages continue...PRIEST: "... believes all things,
hopes all things, endures all things."When I was a child, I spoke like a child,"I thought like a child,
I reasoned like a child."When I became a man,
I gave up childish ways."For now we see in a mirror dimly,
but then face to face."Now I know in part,
then I shall understand fully,"even as I have been fully understood."Do you, Leo, take Sarah to be your wife,to have and to hold
from this day forward,for better, for worse,
for richer, for poorer,to love and to cherish?I now pronounce you husband and wife.(MONASH GROANS)(SOFTLY) Here.
Let me help you. I'll get it.Yeah. How you feeling?- Fine.
- I wanna tell you something.You children didn't bring any real books
to read, did you know that?I brought Moby Dick
and Huckleberry Finn,and Baker and Simon
had never read them.Now, I'm afraid to ask you,
have you ever read Melville or Twain?Hmm?Hey, I'm a child of the movies, Fish.Okay, I see.So...You got a shitty deal, Oren,
you know that?You truly did.- Don't worry about me.
- Yeah.- I mean that, really.
- Okay.- Don't worry about me.
- Okay.My whole life, I...You know how it is for guys like us.You and... You and I, we're the same.(CHUCKLES) How do you mean by that?- Gotta be the best.
- I see. Okay.- Be the best.
- Yeah.(SIGHING)Sometimes I see flashes of light.You know, like colors.I fall asleep and I dream.But there's a part of me
that's always awake,and I can see myself dreaming.I'm just...
I'm seeing things differently, Fish.That's good. That's good.Fish.Why the hell do they call you Fish?(LAUGHING)Well, Spurgeon, sturgeon, Fish.I mean, it took about 15 minutes
of my first day at the naval academy.Yeah. Your kids go there?Yeah, they did. They did.And they're good men, both of them.I don't see as much of them
as I used to when Mary was alive.- You don't have to talk about it. It's okay.
- No, it's okay. It's okay.You're a married man,
you know what it's like.I mean, every marriage
has its good years and its bad years.We ended on a great year.Yeah.Anyway, let's get started.Moby Dick, Chapter 1.(BOTH CHUCKLING)"Call me Ishmael."Several years ago,
never mind how long precisely,"having little or no money in my purse...""Whenever I find myself
growing grim about the mouth,"whenever it is a damp,
drizzly November in my soul,"whenever I find myself
knocking people's hats off,"then I account it high time
to get to sea as soon as I can."(DOG BARKING)(PEOPLE CHATTERING)SOLDIER 1: Listen up.
SOLDIER 2: Hold it right there.- Biederman.
- Yeah, that's us.IDs, please.DON: Got them right here.There's four of us. Lewis?This is my wife, Sarah.
We have a marriage license.I have it right here.Okay. All right, let's go.
Let's move it out.Mom. Wait.
Sir, my parents are coming, too.Wait, wait,
the Hotchners are coming, too.- H-O-T-C...
- H-N-E-R.- SOLDIER: No, it's not here.
- No, no. It has to be there.They sent their names
to the White House.SOLDIER: They're not there.
DON: Just check the goddamn list again.- Leo, give me your bag.
- ELLEN: They must be there.SARAH: Look closely.
DON: Ellen, give me your bag, sweetie.SOLDIER: No. They're not on the list.- SARAH: Wait, wait.
- I'm sorry. Let's go. We have to go.ELLEN: Sir, you don't understand.Leo, can you check it one more time?I put you on the list.
They said your names were on the list.- Sarah, I put them on the list.
- We're not on the list.SOLDIER: I need the Biedermans
on the bus now.- Dad, I wanna stay with you.
- What?- No, no, no. We have to go.
- Leo, let's get her on the bus.- SARAH: Yes, I need to stay with you.
- Sarah.Sarah, you need to go.No, I have to stay with you, Dad.LEO: Listen, I'm not going anywhere
without you.CHUCK: Sarah, you don't know
what you're doing.Come or stay, young lady,
this bus is moving out.Son, on the bus. Get on the bus!SOLDIER: Let's go.Chuck, we'll work it out
when we get there.(CRYING)- JEFF: What's that, the crates?
- Jenny, there's a phone call for you.Yes. This is she.It's Robin Lerner. My mother.When?Sixty-one.I'll come down there, then. Thank you.Thank you very much.Jenny, do you want me
to do something?You're too late.
I already took care of everything.Come, come. Inside the car.
You're getting sick. Please.I want to talk to you.Please, come.I don't give a shit.
Go home and tell it to Chloe.I can't. She left me.She's with her mother.
They both got scared.Come. I want to talk to you. I need you.How does it feel?I feel like an orphan.Jenny. Jenny!Stop.(PEOPLE SHOUTING)(CRYING)Welcome to the Ark.
I'm section leader for Orange 254.Remember that. It's where you'll be
calling home the next two years.So gather your things and follow me
to the orientation gallery.MAN ON PA: If you have been
designated as a civilian section officer,report to section Red 116 upon entering.Once again, if you have been
designated as a civilian section officer,report to section Red 116 upon entering.DON: Leo.I'm not coming.Leo, come with us right now.I have to go back for Sarah.- ELLEN: Leo.
- Mom, I'm going.- ELLEN: Don, what are you doing?
- I'm giving him something to trade.That's what I'm doing.- I want you to take this.
- Dad, that's enough.God damn it.You take care of yourself, okay?I'm gonna make it.What about Entrekin?I don't know. He hasn't returned my call
in over two weeks.- Excuse me, Jenny.
- Yeah?Your father's here.Hello.Hello.I can't stay long. I'm leaving the city,
but I wanted to show you something.I wanted to show you
that you're not an orphan.I have proof that you're not an orphan.Here.Look.Where's Mom?Behind the camera.- She took this?
- Mmm-hmm.And this one, too.She was such an artist,
don't you think so?You don't remember
when you take them, hmm?I'm five years old.
How would I remember that?Well, some people do remember
when they were five years old.It was such a beautiful day.All alone on the beach.And of course
she would have been in the picture,but there was no one else
to hold the camera,and she insisted.You know how she is.How she was.Jenny.It was such a good day for all of us.Don't you remember?Keep them.Goodbye.(SNIFFLES)MAN ON RADIO: We have now
confirmed the launchof all the Titan missilesfrom their positions in North Dakota
and Wyoming.The comets are now
approximately 14 hoursoutside of Earth's atmosphere,and we are told
it should take these missilesless than 20 minutes
to reach their target.Okay, here's what we're looking at.All of the Titans have been launched.We still won't know
if they've made a difference.The comets have to travel for a whilebefore the radar tracking stations
can see if they've been pushedto a safe course that'll bypass the Earth.So one more time, we have to wait.- Are we on?
- MAN: We're on, Mr. President.Our missiles have failed.The comets are still headed for Earth,and there's nothing we can do
to stop them.So this is it.If the world does go on,it will not go on for everyone.ON TV: We have now been able to calculate
the comets' final trajectories,and we have determined
where they're going to strike.The smaller of the two comets,
Biederman, will hit firstsomewhere along the Atlantic seaboard,probably in the waters
off the coast of Cape Hatteras,in just under 12 hours,
at 4:35 p. m. Eastern Daylight Time.The impact of the comet is going to be,well, disastrous.There will be a very large tidal wavemoving quickly
through the Atlantic Ocean.It'll be 100 feet high,
traveling at 1,100 miles an hour.That's faster than the speed of sound.As the wave reaches shallow water
it's going to slow down,but the wave height, depending
on the depth of the shelf off the coast,will be anywhere from
1,000 to 3,500 feet high.Where the land is flat,
the wave will wash inland600 to 700 miles.(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)The wave will hit our nation's capital
40 minutes after impact.New York City, Boston,
Atlanta, Philadelphia,all will be destroyed.If you have any means of getting
away from the path of this wave,leave now.The impact of the larger cometwill be nothing less
than an extinction-level event.It will strike land in western Canada
three hours after Biederman.Within a week, the skies
will be dark with dust from the impact,and they will stay dark for two years.All plant life will be dead withinfour weeks.Animal life withina few months.So that's it.Good luck to us all.Could I bother everyone for a minute?
Now, let's take a look at the big one.Now, the out-gassing has created a vent
a half a mile wideand at least 2 miles deep.
Comet gets closer to the sun,sun melts ice, ice turns to steam,
we get a big hole. Okay?So, how many nukes
we have left in the back?Four.Okay. If we can get
the remaining bombs in that vent,there shouldn't be anything left
of that comet bigger than a suitcase.Now, we can't do anything
about the little one,but, you know,
it just might give them a chance.Now, without the arming codes,
we're gonna have to waitto set the bomb timers until
we get closer to Earth to raise Houston.We may not have enough
life support leftto get back into the cargo bay
for the nukes,much less to work down on the comet.And we sure as hell don't have
enough propellant left in the Messiahto maneuver with.How are we supposed to get back
off the surface once we've...Once we've gone down there?We don't.Well, you look at the bright side.We'll all have high schools
named after us.TANNER ON RADIO:
Houston, this is Messiah.Houston, this is Messiah.MITCH: Nice of you to call, Messiah.We were beginning to wonder
what the hell you were doing up there.- TANNER: Admiring the view, Houston.
- Fish, is that you?Yep. We don't have time
to talk, Houston.There's nothing we can do about
the smaller one, but we do have a plan.We need the arming codes
for the last four nukes.Arming codes? What the hell for?Mitch, we can do or we can teach.
What's your pleasure?Get the arming codes.
Get the goddamn codes!JEFF: We have one helicopter.
It holds seven people.We can ferry six people
to high ground in West Virginiaand take Jenny to the Ark.
Short stick goes.I always thought it was women
and children first.If you get the short one,
you can give up your seat.TIM: Thank God.Well, that makes sense.I got a stick. I got a stick.JEFF: I'm sorry, Beth.
BETH: Okay, honey, here we go.Let's go now.- Beth.
- There's always the road.We'll be okay. Come on. That's my girl.Okay, that's it.(SOBBING)Sarah!Sarah!(BARKING)Come on, where's that key?Where's the key?(CARS HONKING)Come on, hurry up. Come on.- No, wait.
- What are you doing?(PEOPLE CHATTERING)Come on, Jenny, we have to go now.
We have to go now.Come on. Come on!- Beth. Beth, what are you doing?
- ERIC: Jenny, we have to go!The road was so crowded, it was
obvious we weren't gonna make it,so I thought, well, if the wave
does come, that we should be herebecause she likes it here and...
I mean, we're on the 15th floor,- so maybe we'll be okay.
- Come on, honey.- Say goodbye to Jenny.
- ERIC: Jenny, we got no time left.BETH: Jenny,
what are you doing? Caitlin!Move! Come on!BETH: (CRYING) Oh, my God, Caitlin!
Caitlin! Caitlin!Let's go!Come on, come on.
Faster, faster. Come on!BETH: No!Come on, come on! Let's go, let's go!
Hang on. There's no room for this.- BETH: You're taking her? Please!
- She's going with you!- What?
- You're taking my seat!- Let's go! Come on!
- Go, go.BETH: Jenny, thank you.
PILOT: Let's go. Come on. Go!JENNY: Get her in. Get her in there.
PILOT: Wait, that's too many.- I'm not going.
- What do you mean, you're not going?I'm not going, Eric. Go!Oh, my God.(CARS HONKING)(PEOPLE SHOUTING)WOMAN: Shove it, buddy!Sarah!Sarah!(CAR HONKING)MAN: You're so full of it!VICKY: Sarah, look!
SARAH: Leo!(HONKING)Leo!Leo Biederman! Leo!Leo!- Leo!
- Thank God.You don't have any time.
You have to go now.- Dad. No, no, no.
- Put this on, put this on.Daddy. Daddy, what are you doing?- I want you to take the baby.
- Why? No, no, no, no, no, Mom.Yes. No arguments, Sarah. Please!(CRYING) No, no, no, no, no.
I don't wanna go!- I don't wanna go!
- Grab his foot, honey.- Mom, Mom.
- Come on. No, listen to me.Sweetheart, listen to me.
Let go. Put this on!- I love you.
- I love you, too.- I've always loved you.
- I love you.(BABY CRYING)VICKY: Take care, honey.
SARAH: I'll see you soon.- Put this on.
- I'll see you soon. I'll see you soon.- Yes, you will.
- CHUCK: Get out of here, Leo.Go. Go to high ground.When I was 11,
I took $32 from your wallet.When you were a baby,I once dropped you on your head.When you came to the studio
and you brought those pictures,I lied when I said I didn't remember.I remember everything.I remember
that we were right over thereand that's when Mom
got that picture of the house.It was a perfect, happy day.I came down here to let you know that.Thank you.I've missed you since then.I missed you, too.Biederman.(LOUD WHOOSHING)(LOW RUMBLING)(SQUAWKING)Daddy.(PEOPLE SCREAMING)Hold on.TANNER ON RADIO: This is Messiah.
We're ready to begin our run.- Are our families there yet?
- They're on their way, Messiah.Disengage auto path.Here we go.We're at perigee. Wolf contact
in four minutes, 45 seconds.We'll never be closer to home
than we are right now.(PEOPLE PANTING)LEO: Come on.MITCH: Messiah, we've got some
people here that wanna talk to you.Wendy, honey.You promise me
you keep doing your church thing,and I'll be there, right next to you,haunting you.You better come back and haunt me.I love you.There's Mommy. Hello, Mommy.Hey, you'll take care
of Daddy for me, okay?She will. She does a good job.
She misses Mommy.- I miss you.
- I love you, Mommy.I love you very, very much.David.You know what I wanna say.I know.(SARAH CRYING)LEO: Come on!ANDREA: Wolf contact
in two minutes, 30 seconds.Oren, Mariette's at your folks' place
up in Utah.We sent a plane for her,
but she isn't here yet.Fish, your sons are both on active duty.We tried to get them back,
but we couldn't get them here on time.I'm sorry.Well, Mitch,
I wanna say goodbye to Mary.I wanna tell her I love her,and that ever since we've been apart,
every day I think about her.Mary, I'm coming home.ANDREA: Coming up on target,
625 miles.(LOW RUMBLING)Range, 600 miles.Wait. Oh, God, wait!Wait! I'm coming.Oren!Oren, are you there?Mariette? I'm here. I can hear you.(CRYING) Hi, sweetie.- Mariette?
- Baby, this is your father.His name is Oren.
I named him after you.Hello, Oren.(CHUCKLES)- Show him what you brought him.
- What happened?He's holding up a little rocket.(CHUCKLES)That's a mighty powerful rocket
you got there.(BABY GURGLES)MARK: He's laughing.(LAUGHING)I can hear him. I know.Mariette, I'm hugging you both right now.I'm holding you.- ANDREA: Twenty-five seconds.
- Prepare to synchronize the nukes.Twenty-three, 22, 21,20, 19, 18,17, 16, 15...It's been a pleasure serving
with you, Commander.The honor's all mine, Andy.MONASH: Be good, Oren.Be good.(MARIETTE SOBBING)(RUMBLING)(BOTH PANTING)BECK: We watched as the bombs
shattered the second cometinto a million pieces of ice and rockthat burned harmlessly
in our atmosphereand lit up the sky for an hour.Still, we were left
with the devastation of the first.The waters reached as far inland
as the Ohio and Tennessee valleys.It washed away farms and towns,forests and skyscrapers.But the water receded.The wave hit Europe and Africa, too.Millions were lost,countless more left homeless.But the waters receded.Cities fall,but they are rebuilt.And heroes die,but they are remembered.We honor them with every brick we lay,with every field we sow,with every child we comfort
and then teach to rejoicein what we have been re-given.Our planet.Our home.So now, let us begin.(ALL CHEERING)