You have no actual
medical training?No. I have kids.I learned a lot right there.I've seen nurses give my son
throat cultures and... What is it?You stick a giant Qtip down
their throat and wait.Or a urinalysis where you take
that dipstick...to see whether or not
the white count's high.Yes, I understand.And I'm great with people.You'd have to observe me to know
for sure, but you can trust me on that.I'm an extremely fast learner.
You show me something in a lab once...and I've got it down.I always wanted to go
to medical school.That was my first interest, really...but then I got married and had a kid
too young and that blew that.When I got out of high school,
I got a job...with Fleuer Engineers
and Constructors in Irvine.I fell madly in love
with geology.Geology?I learned how to read maps.
I love maps.But I lost my job because...my boy came down with chicken pox,
had 104 temperature.My ex-husband was useless, so...that didn't really work out.You got a really nice office.Thanks.Look.Oh, fuck!Goddamn it.Good morning, Mr. Masry.
How are you doing today?Fine, thanks. And you?Very well.
Thank you for asking.Good morning.Did you see it last night?I was out, but I taped it.
Don't tell me what happens.It was so good.
Your 9:00 is here already.Remind me.Erin Brockovich. Car accident.
Not her fault, she says.She was referred.Erin, hi.Ed Masry.
Sorry you had to wait.That's okay.Here, sit down.Thank you.I never thought just standing
could take it out of you...but ever since that shithead hit me, I
feel like my body's put together wrong.You poor thing.Did anyone ask
if you wanted coffee?- Yeah. I'm fine.
- Good.Listen. Whoever did this to you
made one hell of a mistake.And you and me,
we're gonna make him pay for it.Why don't you tell me
what happened.I was pulling out real slow...and out of nowhere...his Jaguar comes racing around
the corner like a bat out of hell.They took some bone from my hip
and put it in my neck.I don't have insurance, so...I'm about $17,000 in debt
right now.I couldn't take painkillers 'cause they
made me too groggy to care for my kids.Matthew's eight
and Katie's almost six...and Beth's just nine months.I just wanna be a good mom,
a nice person...a decent citizen.I just wanna take good care
of my kids.Yeah, I know.Seventeen thousand in debt?- Is your ex-husband helping?
- Which one?There's more than one?Yeah, there's two. Why?So, you must've been feeling
pretty desperate that afternoon.What's your point?Broke, three kids, no job.A doctor in a Jaguar?
Good meal ticket.- Objection.
- What? He hit me.So you say.He came tearing around the corner
out of control.An ER doctor who spends his days
saving lives was the one out of control?That asshole smashed in
my fucking neck.- Open and fucking shut?
- It's that language that lost the case.- It was over long before then.
- I told you they'd get personal.- You told me I'd be set.
- I never said that.You told me I had a good shot.
I had no shot.- Let's settle down.
- Fuck settle down!I've got $74 in the bank.
I can't afford to settle down.I'm sorry.Do they teach lawyers
to apologize?Because you suck at it.Hello?You're back so soon.Were you a good girl?You're my little baby.- What, is that a little cough?
- She's got a little cough.I sat in the steam with her
to try to loosen it up, but...I think I've got
some cough medicine.Listen. I didn't want to
tell you before.- You know, with your worries.
- What?My daughter, she bought a big house
with a room for me.- I'm moving in with her.
- When?- Next week.
- Next week?I know,
but it's good for me.Now I can help my daughter
take care of my grandkids.And it's good for you too.
Now that you have money...you can hire a good baby-sitter,
not the old lady next door.Thanks.Matthew? Katie?
You back here?Come on in.Get in the house.
No dripping.Okay.Please don't get sick on me.
Please.Let's fx some dinner.Look at the water.Oh, God!Damn it.I'm sorry. I'm sorry.We're going out.Go ahead and order.I'm gonna have a cheeseburger deluxe
with a Coke.Mommy, can I have a cheeseburger deluxe
with no cheese and no bread?- Did you get that?
- Yeah.And she will have a cup of chicken broth
and a few crackers, please.- And for you?
- Just a cup of coffee.Mom, you're not eating?My lawyer took me out to a fancy lunch
to celebrate, and I'm still stuffed.How 'bout that?I'm calling about the job ad
in the paper.I'm calling about the job ad.The great personality,
good voice.I don't have any actual
sales experience.I don't really have a resumé,
but I can...No, I don't have
any computer skills, but...I thought it...
I thought it was the local store.Okay.
Thanks anyway.Okay, bye.Ed Masry, please.Yes, I'm holding for Ed Masry.Is he ever in the office?I've called about a dozen times.Yes, I'd like to leave
another message.Brockovich.
B-R-O-C-K-O-V-l-C-H.I'm a client. I want him to call me.
It's as simple as that.Goddamn it!Who put that there?Those are the files
you asked for.But I didn't ask for you
to put it in the middle of the floor.Look at me.
Get a towel, will you?- What's she doing here?
- Who?What's she doing here?She works here.How's it goin'?You never called me back.
I left messages.You did?
Well, I didn't know that.Donald seems to think...There's two things that aggravate me,
Mr. Masry:Being ignored
and being lied to.- I never lied.
- You told me things would be fine.They're not.
I trusted you.- Sorry about that.
- I don't need pity. I need a paycheck.And I've looked. But when you spend
the past six years raising babies...it's real hard to convince someone to
give you a job that pays worth a damn.Are you gettin' every word of this down,
honey, or am I talkin' too fast for you?I'm sorry about that.
I really am.- We have a full staff right now.
- Bullshit!If you had a full staff, this office
would return a client's phone call.I'm smart, I'm hardworking
and I'll do anything...and I'm not leaving here
without a job.Don't make me beg.If it doesn't work out,
fire me.Don't make me beg.No benefits.What we do in here
is file all of the cases.That way, at any time,
we can tell the status of a file...you know, where it is in the office,
stuff like that.Here's where we organize
all the files alphabetically.Simple enough.And here is your desk.Now I want to show you
where the Xerox machine is.Everybody has a code
and you need to know about that.- Do I get to pick my own code?
- We'll see.I was wondering, who would I talk to
about getting an advance on my paycheck?Just for the weekend.Rosalind's the office manager.
She handles the payroll and petty cash.But she's gone already.
She leaves early on Fridays.- Okay. Thank you.
- For Pete's sake. Here.I've only got hundreds.Here.I don't want your money.Where do you think
your paycheck comes from? Here.- Have a good weekend.
- Thank you.See ya.Hi, my sweetie.How are you?
Matthew. Katie.Hey, Mom.- Thanks a lot.
- You're welcome.Hello.What are you doing
making all that goddamn noise?Introducing ourselves
to the neighborhood, I guess.Well, I'm the neighbors.There. We're introduced.
So shut the fuck up.Wait. Hold on there.Let's start over, okay?
My name's George. What's yours?Just think of me as the person next door
who likes it quiet.Don't be like that.We live next door to each other,
and I feel bad.I feel terrible.
I'm sorry. Will you accept my apology?We're livin' next door to each other.
If you need a cup of sugar...- I don't need sugar.
- You don't.Why don't I take you out to dinner
to apologize for my rudeness?You give me your number.
I already got your address.So you can't get away.I'll call you up proper
and ask you out.You want my number?I do. I do want your number.Which number do you want?
George?George.
I like the way you say that.How many numbers you got?I got numbers coming out of my ears.
For instance, ten.Yeah. That's how many months old
my baby girl is.You got a little girl?Sexy, huh?
How about this for a number?Six. That's how old my other daughter
is. Eight is the age of my son.Two is how many times I've been married
and divorced.Sixteen is the number of dollars
I have in my bank account.850-3943,
that's my phone number.With all the numbers I gave you, I guess
zero is how many times you'll call.How do you remember your bank balance
off the top of your head?That impresses me.You're dead wrong
about that zero thing.How long has she been
crying like that?She's got that tooth comin' in.Give her a cold wash cloth to suck on.
I got to go.I'll check back later.Where's Anna?She's out to lunch with the girls.I have to open a file.Real estate thing,
pro bono.- You know how to do that, don't you?
- Yeah, I got it. No problem.You're a girl.Excuse me?Why aren't you out to lunch
with the girls? You're a girl.I guess I'm not the right kind.You may want to,
now that you're working here...you may want to rethink
your wardrobe a little.Why is that?Well, I think some of the girls...are a little uncomfortable
because of what you wear.Is that so?Well, it just so happens...I think I look nice.And as long as I have one ass instead
of two, I'll wear what I like...if that's okay.You might wanna rethink
those ties.With this real estate stuff,
could you remind me?I'm a little confused
exactly how we do it.Why are there medical records and
blood samples in real estate files?You've been here long enough.If you don't know how to do your job,
I'm not about to do it for you.Hello?What the hell happened?- Hungry?
- Am l...Why are they here?
I went to pick them up.She came by and said something came up
and had to drop the kids off.Something came up?
Why didn't she call me at work?I don't know.
She... I was... I don't know why.- That stupid bitch!
- Mom!Sorry. I just can't believe she dumps
my kids off when nobody's home.I was home.We're fine.
We cooked some burgers, had some milk.Want a hot dog?
There an extra one on the grill.Or a cheeseburger.But this mustard is slippery.Mom, what do you think
about me getting a tattoo?One, two, three.I got kings.
You win. You got a joker.King. Joker.You stole a joker!- You cheat!
- What do you mean, I cheat?You're cheating!Get another one.Time to go to bed.Excuse me. Get ready for bed.
Brush your teeth.Play tomorrow?Good night, buddy.What's that?This is a Harley-Davidson.
It's the best damn motorcycle ever made.And if I ever catch either one of you
near one, I'll knock you silly.Brush your teeth. And keep it down.
The baby's asleep.You got great kids.Well, I'm sure
I'll fuck 'em up eventually.Why?Obviously, not a good judge
of character...or I would never have left them
with that idiot...who cost a fortune
and smelled like chicken fat.And after I find her
and kill her...I don't know what I'm gonna do.If you need help with them,
I can do that.- I'm not leaving my kids with you.
- Why?- I don't even know you.
- What do you want to know? Ask.- Thanks for today.
- You're welcome.It was my pleasure.- How many decks do you guys have here?
- We have more than enough.What, you got so many friends
you can't use one more?I'm serious. If you need someone
to look after your kids after school...I don't have a job now, so...That's a great recommendation.
I'm unemployed.By choice.I work when I need to.What do you do the rest of the time,
live off your trust fund?I do construction which pays real good,
and I make it last by livin' cheap.I hope that's not supposed
to impress me.Hey, bed.Your little ghosts.You always this hard on people
who try to help you?I'm out of practice.Well, let me remind you, then.The polite thing is to say,
Thank you. Start it off with that.And you could say,
Hey, that's a really nice offer.I don't mind taking you up
on that."Why the hell
do you wanna watch my kids?- I like kids.
- Right.I like hanging out with them.
They keep it simple.You're home every afternoon?I'm usually just workin'
on my bike.It's no big deal.If it doesn't work out, you can send
them back to the chicken fat lady.This isn't gonna get you laid.Get in bed.That's good, 'cause I didn't
find you attractive either.Well, good.
Then we're even.So we don't have to worry about that.
I'm glad we got that out of the way.- I feel much better.
- I do too. Really, seriously.I can just look after the kids and
not worry about you coming on to me.Bring the phone into the changing room.
Of course they won't.Mrs. Masry, don't be such a tease.Hold on. Yeah?Sorry. Would you mind
if I investigate this further?Investigate what?This real estate thing
with the Jensens. The pro bono case.I just wanna make sure
I'm understanding what I'm reading.- Sure.
- You don't mind?Okay. Great. Thanks.Hi. Donna Jensen?I'm Erin Brockovich,
with Masry and Vititoe.Oh. You're a lawyer?Hell, no.I hate lawyers.
I just work for 'em.Do you have a minute?I don't mean to be a pain
in PG&E's backside...especially after all they've done
for Hinkley, but...I look around here and I think...if they want this place,
they're gonna have to pay for it.So you didn't put the house up for sale?
They just wanted to buy it.Oh, yeah.I don't wanna move.Uproot the kids?
I got a couple of girls.Honest to God,
I don't know if I have the energy.You know, I've been sick.
Me and Pete both have.The whole idea of selling this house...if they're not gonna pay us properly,
I just don't see the point.I can see that. But...The thing confusing me, not that your
medical problems aren't important...but how come the files on that
are in with all the real estate stuff?There's so much correspondence,
I just keep it all in one place.Right. Right.I'm sorry.
I just don't see...why you're corresponding with PG&E
about your medical problems at all.Well, they paid
for the doctor's visit.They did?You bet. Paid for a checkup
for the whole family.And not like with insurance
where you pay...and a year goes by
and maybe you see some money.They just took care of it,
just like that.- We never even saw a bill.
- Wow. Why'd they do that?'Cause of the chromium.- The what?
- The chromium.Well, that's what kicked
this whole thing off.- What kind of chromium is it?
- There's more than one?There's straight up chromium, does
all kind of good things for the body.Chrom three,
which is fairly benign.Then there's chrom six,
hexavalent chromium...which, depending on the amounts,
can be very harmful.Harmful, how?
What would you get?With repeated exposure to toxic levels,
God, anything really...from chronic headaches and nosebleeds
to respiratory disease...liver failure, heart failure,
reproductive failure...bone or organ deterioration,
plus, of course, any type of cancer.So, that stuff,
it kills people.Yeah, definitely.
Highly toxic, highly carcinogenic.It gets into your DNA too,
so you pass the trouble to your kids.It's very, very bad.What's it used for?A rust inhibitor.Utility plants use piston engines.
The engines get hot.They run water through them. Chromium's
in the water to prevent corrosion.Well, how do I find out what kind
of chromium they use in Hinkley?- Been to their water board?
- What's that?Every county has one.It has records of anything water-related
within its jurisdiction.- You should find something there.
- County water board.All right.
Well, thanks.Good luck.I wouldn't advertise
what you're looking for.Incriminating records have a way of
disappearing when people smell trouble.I'll remember that.
Thanks.Damn, that's a heavy door.- Let me give you a hand.
- Thank you very much.- Aren't you a gentleman, Mr...
- Scott.Mr. Scott.
Pleased to meet you.I'm Erin.Erin. Cool.So what can I do for you?Believe it or not, I'm on the prowl
for some water records.- You've come to the right place.
- I guess I did.Just tell me what you wanna look at
and I'd be glad to dig 'em out for you.I wish I knew.
It's for my boss.He's in this water dispute...and he wants me to find all kinds
of papers from all kinds of places.You know, it would probably
be easiest...if I just squeezed back there
and poked around myself.- Would that be all right with you?
- Heck, yeah. Come on back.I'm just gonna need you
to sign in here.Sure.- Pattee. Is that your middle name?
- Maiden.You're married?Not anymore.Can I just...I love your pants.Thanks.This is it.It's impressive.I'll call you if I need anything.Thank you.Where's my stuff?- Where have you been?
- Where the fuck's my stuff?Don't you use language like that
with me. Who do you think you are?- Someone took my stuff.
- Nice to see you.- I had photos of my kids, a mug...
- Toothpaste, mousse and deodorant.- Here.
- What's going on?There may be jobs where you can
disappear, but this isn't one of'em.Here, you don't do the work,
you don't get to stay.I've been working.
Ask Mr. Masry. He knows.You ask Mr. Masry.
He fired you.You said to fire me?I'll call you back.
You've been gone for a week.I left a message. I was working
on this real estate thing.- I was gonna write a report.
- You don't leave a message and take off.- Do I check in every two seconds?
- Yes, it's called accountability.- I'm not talking to you, bitch!
- Excuse me?That's enough.
Look, Erin.This incident aside, I don't think
this is the right place...for you, okay?So I'll make a few calls on your behalf
and find something else.- Don't bother.
- I'm trying to help.You're trying to feel less guilty
about firing someone with three kids.Fuck if I'm gonna help you
do that!Get back to work!- What the hell are you doing here?
- Fixing the leak under your sink.Damn it, George. I don't ask you
to do things like that.Look at this mess you've made.I'm not done with that.Get it out.- Jesus!
- Relax.Shit! Where did it go?- Where is it?
- Somewhere back there.Behind your foot.
Going up your leg now.Jesus!
Who fucking lives like this?Who lets their kids run around
in a place...that is crawling with bugs
the size of house cats?All you have to do is call
an exterminator. Everybody gets them.I can't call an exterminator.I can't afford one.
I can't even afford my phone.I got fired.What?What do you mean you got fired?
You're working so hard.It doesn't matter.It doesn't make one fucking
bit of difference.I don't know what happened to me.I mean...God, I was Miss Wichita,
for Christ's sake.Did I tell you that?You are living next door
to a real live fucking beauty queen.I still have my tiara.And I thought it meant I was gonna
do something important with my life...that it meant I was someone.You're someone to me.Are you gonna be something else
that I have to survive?'Cause I'll tell you the truth.I'm not up to it.So I get up on the stage, right?And I have the big bouquet
of flowers.And I had my foot out like this,
and I say...I will devote my entire reign
as Miss Wichita...to bringing an end
to world hunger...and to the creation
of a peaceful Earth...- for every man, woman and child."
- God!- How long were you Miss Wichita?
- One year.Of course, by the time I got through
opening new supermarkets...I only had a few weeks left
to work on hunger and world peace.- Right.
- I don't know what I was thinking.What about you, huh?What about me?What about you?Hey, baby,
let me tell you somethin'.Let me get that out of your hair.- Thank you.
- Nice.You're a very special lady.- Don't be too nice to me, okay?
- Why?Makes me nervous.It's some slim pickings here, baby.Maybe that's Ed McMahon.
Let's go see.Wrong Ed.- I'm sorry?
- What are you doing here?I had an interesting call
this afternoon...from Dr. Frankel from UCLA.He wanted you to know that the legal
limit for hexavalent chromium...is.05 parts per million.And at the rate you mentioned, .58...it could be responsible for the cancers
in that family you asked about...the Jensens.Well, wasn't that nice of him?Isn't it funny how some people
help people and others just fire them?I'm sorry. You were gone.
I assumed you were off having fun.And why the hell
would you assume that?I don't know. Maybe you look like
someone who has a lot of fun.So by that standard,
I should assume you never get laid.I'm married.What is all this...
What is the story on this cancer?You wanna know? Hire me back.
I got a ton of bills to pay.Fine.So Donna just put in these new cabinets,
real nice, stained the wood and all...when she gets a call
from somebody at PG&E...saying a freeway's gonna be built
and they wanna buy her house...to put in an off-ramp
to the plant.Meanwhile, the husband's sick
with Hodgkin's.She's in and out of the hospital
with tumors...believing one thing
has nothing to do with the other.Because PG&E told her
about the chromium?Get this.
They had a seminar.They invited 200 residents
from the area, had it at the plant...telling them all about chromium three,
and how good it is for you...when all the time
they're using chromium six.That document you found
at the water board...the one that says
about the bad chromium...you didn't happen to make a copy?Of course I did.Well, could I have a look at it?I want a raise.And benefits, including dental.This isn't the way I do business.- What way is that?
- Extortion.A 5% raise.
We'll talk about benefits later.Ten.There are lots of other places
I could get work.Ten percent raise and benefits.
But that's it. I'm drawing the line.He's drawing the line.Is this all you've got?So far. That place is a pigsty.
I wouldn't be surprised if there's more.Yeah, those things are a mess.What makes you think
you can just walk in there...and find what we need?They're called boobs, Ed.I understand.Okay, I agree.
I'm going to.Right now.I'm almost done. Look.How are we doing?We're doing great.Good.You've got quite a lot
done already, so...I'm sorry, but we need
those records back now, okay?What?These papers are a matter
of public record...and I'm not leaving
until they're copied.Fax these to this number, okay?- All of them?
- All of them!An on-site monitoring well?
That means it was...Right on the PG&E property.And you say that this stuff...hexavalent chromium...it's poisonous.It's gotta be different
than what's in our water...'cause ours is okay.The guys from PG&E told me.They sat right in the kitchen
and told me that it was fine.I know, but the toxicologist
I've been talking to...he gave me a list of problems that can
come from hexavalent chromium exposure.Everything you all have
is on that list.No, that's not what
our doctor said.He said that...that one's got absolutely
nothing to do with the other.Right.But PG&E paid for that doctor.- Get out of the pool!
- How come?'Cause I said so!That's it. Okay, girls.The minute Brenda sent that fax...I'm saying the second
she pressed the send button...PG&E's claim department
was on the phone to me...scheduling a meeting.So you think...
Wait. Let me do it.You're driving me nuts.
You think we scared 'em, don't you?They've taken the trouble
to send someone.Sure as hell sounds like
they're sitting up and taking notice.Mr. Foil?In the interest of putting
this whole thing to rest...PG&E is willing to offer the Jensens
$250,000 for their home.$250,000?In terms of land value
out in Hinkley...we feel that's
a more than fair price.How about in terms
of medical expenses?250,000 isn't come close to what
this family is gonna spend on doctors.I understand they've had bad luck,
health-wise. They have my sympathies.- But that's not PG&E's fault.
- You're kidding, right?Look at these readings.PG&E's own technicians
documented...toxic levels of hexavalent chromium
in those wells on numerous occasions.Everything the Jensens
have had...is proven reaction to exposure
to hexavalent chromium...and they have had...Breast cysts, uterine cancer, Hodgkin's
disease, immune deficiencies...asthma, chronic nosebleeds.A million things could have
caused those problems.Poor diet, bad genes,
irresponsible lifestyle.Our offer is final.
And it's more than fair.Wait a minute.
I thought we were negotiating here.Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
is all I'm authorized to offer.I'll present your offer
to my clients.I'll doubt they'll accept.Before you go off
on some crusade...you might wanna remember who it is
you're dealing with here.PG&E's a $28 billion corporation.Twenty-eight billion dollars?I didn't know it was that much.
Wow!Holy cow!At least they made an offer.That wasn't an offer.
A million would have been an offer.And they send their mail clerk
to jerk me off, waste my time!- Why would they do that?
- Because they can.You heard that kid. They have
$28 billion at their disposal.- They can afford to waste time.
- And you can't?- You think I'm made of money?
- What are you yelling at me for?- Because I'm pissed off!
- Good.- Fuck you!
- Fuck you back!I really hate you sometimes.No, you love me.You've been reading for hours.I'm a slow reader.Excuse me.- Are you Erin Brockovich?
- Yeah.I'm Tom Robinson.
This is my wife Mandy.We used to live across the street
from the Jensens.I think you know Donna.PG&E bought our house last year.The vets said they had
a bunch of tumors and stuff.You can see
they couldn't really walk.How many were born like this?Twelve or thirteen or so.Yeah.When Donna told us about you and
what you told her about the chromium...we figured that might have something
to do with this too.Yeah, it might.- I'm really... May I keep these?
- Yeah.Okay, great. Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.There's something else too.What?Mandy here has had...five miscarriages.I'm so sorry.I figured it was something I did...like when I smoked marijuana,
maybe...or took birth control pills.But then Donna said...that you thought that this chromium
might be to blame for her problems...so I figured...maybe it wasn't just me.Whoa.I gotta take a bath.You should go in.They're not asleep?Beth and Katie are.How was school?Fine.- Did you do your homework?
- Yeah.Any problems?I know you're upset, but...the way this job is,
things come up at the last minute...real important things
that I gotta deal with...Fine!Please don't be mad at me.I'm doing this for us.I know it's hard for you
to understand, but...Don't you want Mama
to be good at her job?Hmm?I don't miss dinner all the time.
We all ate together last night.You were reading
the whole time.Okay.There's something about this whole thing
I don't quite understand, Mr. Masry.If PG&E messed with our water...why would they bother saying
anything about it to us at all?Why not just keep quiet?To establish
a statute of limitations.In a case like this,
you only have one year...from the time you first learn
about the problem to file suit.So PG&E figures...We'll let the cat out of the bag,
tell people the water's not perfect...and if we can ride out the year
with no one suing...we'll be in the clear forever.But it was more than a year ago
that they told us.- That's okay. We're not suing.
- Not yet.All we're doing
is using this information...to get you a real nice purchase price
on your house...and you two a comparable
retroactive bonus on your sale price.That way PG&E can still look good
to their shareholders...'cause they're not involved
in an ugly lawsuit.All they're doing
is buying a little property.Doesn't say here how much
this whole thing's gonna cost us.My fee's 40 percent
of whatever you get awarded.Boy, do I know how you feel.The first time I heard that number
I said, You've got to be kidding me.Forty goddamn percent?I'm the one that's injured,
this joker sits at a desk all day...and he wants to walk away
with almost half my reward?"But then...I asked him...what he makes
if I don't get anything.Then I don't get anything either.Plus, he's out all the costs.So I realized...he's taking a chance too.You got a pen, honey?All right, then.Oh, I made a bundt cake.Who would like coffee and cake?- I do.
- We have to be getting back.Have a fucking cup of coffee, Ed.Coffee will be great.
Thank you.- All right.
- I'll help you.My wife makes really good
bundt cake.I love bundt cake.Well, seems like everybody in the family
ended up with a rash somehow.It also seems like no matter what
we did for it, it always came back.Over what kind of period of time?Oh, a long time.
You know, years.We never did keep track of it.
Kids are sick, animals need to be fed.Just couldn't get rid of it,
that's all.Uh, well, Mrs. DeSoto said...that she wasn't exactly sure
what you had.Oh, well, we know what it is.It's gastrointestinal cancer.She got sick
about nine months ago...and they operated on her
about six months ago.- The intestine.
- Right.- Hi. I'm Erin Brock...
- I know who you are.Donna called me.Oh. Can I come in?I told Donna we're not interested
in getting involved.Can I ask why?What's the point?Well, Donna told me that you
and your kids have been sick...Oh, you people don't give a shit.Anything to get what you want.- It's good of you to have me here.
- It's a good day to come by.She's feeling good today.Mike Ambrosino said he saw you folks
at the hospital from time to time...so that's what brought me
out here.Yeah, we've been there
from time to time.And you. Wooftie!Aren't you a beauty?You have all the boys crazy,
don't you?I can see it in your eyes.
You drive 'em wild.You do, don't you?Torture 'em.
It's good for 'em.Don't teach her anything
too early.Yeah, she can't wait to get on
her new dress. Isn't that right?She wants to go back to school,
hopefully in the next couple of months.Yeah, get her out
of her nightgown here.She's gonna do it.Uh-uh. Absolutely not.- That's crazy. Why not?
- Because I said no.PG&E is only talking to us because
this is a quiet real estate dispute.We add plaintiffs, suddenly
we're in the middle of a toxic tort...with a statute problem
against a massive utility.- No, thank you.
- Okay, so here's what I'll do.I'll go to Ted and Rita Daniels, two of
the nicest people you could ever meet...who every day watch their Annabelle
fight like a dog against cancer...and I'll tell them we can't help them
because you don't wanna work that hard.Work hard?
Why, you little manipulative...Let me tell you something.
I've worked all my life.I built a firm and kept it alive through
lawsuits, injunctions and evictions.I've survived a quadruple bypass,
cancer...being born with one kidney
and having diabetes.I've personally managed
to save a million dollars...over 30 years of getting some clients
ten times that.Don't tell me
I don't work hard.Don't tell me I haven't earned the right
to stop, take a breath and enjoy life.What the hell do you know
about any of this anyway?Something like this, Erin,
it could take forever.They're a huge corporation.They could bury us in paperwork
for the next 15 years.I'm just a guy
with a small, private firm!Who happens to know
they poisoned people and lied about it.We can get these people.With a little effort, I really think
we can nail their asses to the wall.With all your legal expertise,
you believe that?- Don't you ever just know?
- Where's the money coming from?That's why most of these cases settle...
lack of money.Do you know what toxicologists
and geology experts cost?A hundred grand a month, easy.- I've already used a lot of my savings.
- We'll figure it out.I admit
I don't know shit about shit...but I know the difference
between right and wrong!- Lovers' quarrel?
- Oh, bite my ass, Krispy Kreme.I feel you looking at me.I'm sorry.How many families
are we talking about here?Four more.
Eleven people so far.You mean there's more?Well, I found one document that was
a toxic test-well reading from 1967.A hell of a lot more people
have lived on that land since then.Oh, this is
a whole different ball game.A much bigger deal.Kinda like David
and what's-his-name.It's kinda like David and
what's-his-name's whole fucking family.Okay, here's the deal.If, and only if, you find
all the evidence to back this up...I'll do it, I'll take it on.You're doing the right thing.Yeah, yeah, yeah.Remind me of that
when I'm filing for bankruptcy.Of course, gathering evidence
is a big job.A hell of a lot bigger
than just filing.I'll be working a lot harder now.- Taking on a lot more responsibility.
- I don't believe this.Another raise wouldn't hurt.And I'll be spending a lot of time
in my car...so I'll probably be needing
a cell phone.I don't believe this.Just a little phone?Thank you!Just go ahead and play.Roll the dice and play.Come on.
Aren't you gonna play?Roll the dice!Come on.Is this the Erin Pattee Brockovich who's
been snooping around the water board?Yeah. Who's this?You should watch your step.A young lady like yourself, with three
young children, should think again.Who is this?Do you understand what I'm saying?Who was it?It's okay.I'm not gonna quit 'cause of
one creepy phone call, George.Come on, Erin. Your job is supposed to
pay your bills, not put you in danger.I'm not in danger.The phone might be tapped,
but that's usual.We've got a dead bolt.
It's not a big deal.You're not out of your league?See? See?That's what those arrogant PG&E fucks
want me to think.- But they're wrong.
- It doesn't have to be so complicated.- There are plenty of jobs out there.
- How would you know?- What's that supposed to mean?
- Nothing.If you'd rather I got a job instead of
taking care of your kids, just say so.- I didn't say that.
- Because I will.And you can start leaving the kids
with the chicken-fat lady again. Okay?I said I'm sorry.
Keep your voice down.Please. I know what these kids
can sleep through.I probably know 'em
better than you.Hey, Scott,
tell me something.Does PG&E pay you
to cover their ass...or do you just do it
out of the kindness of your heart?- I don't know what you're talking about.
- The fuck you don't.Nobody calls me Pattee.That sicko that called the other night
could've only found about me from you.People are dying, Scott.You've got document after document
right under your nose that says why...and you haven't said
one word about it.I wanna know how the hell
you sleep at night.I'm about to drive off the road,
I'm so tired. Keep me awake, will ya?What do you want, a joke?No, I don't want a joke.Tell me about your day.
What went on back there?Come to think of it,
we had a pretty big event around here.Beth...started talking.What?Beth? My Beth?We were all sitting around
at lunch...and she pointed at a ball
and said..."ball."Right out of the blue.It was pretty intense...you know,
seeing somebody's first word.All the words they say in their life,
the first word she says is "ball."She was pointing
her little finger...with her beautiful, soft,
chubby little arm...and her little cheeks...She was looking at it like she'd been
looking at it for nine months...and just couldn't get it out
but knowing what it was.She didn't look away or anything.She was just sitting there
with her arm out.You should've seen
Matthew and Katie and me.Our jaws just dropped,
and we were looking at her.We must've stood there three or four
minutes and just looked at her.And she just had her arm out
like that. "Ball."And, you know, her little lips
wrapped around her...It was great.
It was intense.I brought some stuff that I thought
you guys might be interested in seeing.My name's Erin,
and I'll be here all day.Let's go over to these nice ladies.
Hi. How are you?My name is Erin, and I've brought
some information today...if you want to look at it.Any questions,
please let me know.Excuse me, ladies.
I'm Ed Masry.I'm a lawyer involved in the case.
I thought you might like to read these.- Any questions, I'll be here all day.
- Sounds good.Thanks so much.You got your phone number
in this?There's more important information
in there than that, trust me.I'm bored.
So are the kids.Okay, well,
I'm a little busy here, honey.We invited all these people here.
Ed and I have to... I'm sorry.You know what? I have an idea.
Please. I have an idea.Can you take her?She's getting heavy, and I can do
my work faster if you take her.Sugar sleepin'
on two feather pillowsSleepin'
on two feather pillowsGot a need for me?- Hello.
- Hello, sweetness.- Guess what.
- What?I would like to go home.- Get anything done?
- I got a lot of work done.I think I ate three watermelons.Piggyback!Let's go, brother.
Get on.Careful, careful.Here, get on me now.- Erin, excuse me.
- Oh, hi.This is Nelson Perez.- He works at the compressor station.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.PG&E.Oh, hi. Wow.- I've come at a bad time.
- No, no.Can you just give me one...- Of course. Sure.
- Thank you. Thank you.Oh, my God.You know what?You guys go ahead without me...and I'll get a ride with Ed...Sweetie, I'll be right behind.I'll be right behind you.
Okay?- I really... This is so...
- Fine. Go, go, go.Get down, bud.We're gonna go home.
All right?Hang on tight there.Help your sister with her shoes.
Come on. Let's go.Mr. Perez, this is so helpful.
May I write some of this down?I have so many questions.I wanna know how the plant works,
the cooling towers, everything.They used the hexachrome here
in these cooling towers...They used the hexachrome here
in these cooling towers...as an anticorrosive.Then they dumped the excess water
into these ponds.I don't remember
seeing any ponds up there.This is an old picture.
They've been covered over.And not too carefully, because
if you dig one inch under the surface...the dirt's as green
as a fuckin' shamrock.And that's what caused
the contamination?Well, it didn't help, but no.
The problem started on the bottom.According to...this...in most cases
you would line these ponds...so this shit didn't seep
into the ground.- But guess what.
- They skipped that step?And here are the ponds.The plume comes down like this,
and Hinkley is down here.It's, like, 14 years of hexachrome
just flowing into the ground water.Jesus.And this guy
just offered all this information?Well, yeah.Nelson cares
what's in those ponds.He used to spend half the day wading
around in them... that was his job.Shit.What's the matter?I don't know
if we can pull this off.This is a monster case.We're up to 411 plaintiffs.We've taken 162 declarations.Probably hundreds more out there
have moved away.We're gonna have to find 'em.
It's taking time, manpower.Money's going out, nothing's coming in.
I'll have to take out a second mortgage.- So?
- "So"?So...I have to tell you...I've been making inquiries...with other firms,
bigger firms...to share some of the cost.They all said no,
said we don't have it.Bullshit.
We got PG&E by the balls.PG&E Hinkley by the balls.But nobody'll get rich unless we can pin
this on PG&E Corporate in San Francisco.What do you mean?PG&E Corporate claims they had no way
of knowing what was going on in Hinkley.Oh, they knew.
They had to know.Show me the document
that proves it.Then they didn't know,
and if they didn't know...we can't hit them
with punitive damages.Punitive damages means a sum
that can actually have some effect...on these people's lives.So what do we do now?Let's assume there are documents...connecting PG&E Hinkley
with PG&E Corporate...and they know
these documents exist.We take our 400-or-so plaintiffs
and everything you've dug up...we file a lawsuit
to provoke a reaction...see if they offer a reasonable amount
or just throw more paper at us.That sounds great.
Let's do that.There's a downside.PG&E will submit a demurrer...a list of reasons
attacking each complaint...claiming that each cause of action
has no merit.If the judge agrees with them,
he'll dismiss our case...PG&E will have no reason
to settle...and it's all over.So, basically,
it all comes down to...what this one judge decides.Basically, yeah.Jesus.I'd gotten so used to
having them come up benign.Guess I just didn't expect it.Sure wish I would have had longer
to get used to the idea.You think if you've got
no uterus...and no breasts...you're still
technically a woman?Sure you are.Yeah, you're just...you're actually
a happier woman...because you don't have to worry
about maxi pads and underwire.We're gonna get them, Erin,
aren't we?You gotta promise me
that we're gonna get them.Yeah.All right,
I have before me a complaint...on behalf of the residents of Hinkley...who have filed this lawsuit
against Pacific Gas and Electric...for damages, medical expenses
and personal trauma...due to contamination
of the ground water in their area...by the defendant.And I have here
84 motions to strike...and demurrers
submitted by representatives...of Pacific Gas and Electric...each one attacking
the validity of this complaint.I have reviewed
all of the information carefully.I'm ready to give my decision.Before I do, is there anything
anyone wants to say?No, Your Honor.Very well.In the matter of the Plaintiffs
of Hinkley, California...versus Pacific Gas and Electric...it is the order of this court...that each of the 84 motions to strike
and demurrers...are denied...and the causes of action against
Pacific Gas and Electric are upheld.On a more personal note...as a resident here in Barstow,
which is not far from Hinkley...I am disturbed
by reference to evidence...that suggests that not only
was hexavalent chromium used...but that your clients actually
sent these residents pamphlets...telling them
that it was good for them.Tell your clients
they're going to trial.Jesus.
They look like the Secret Service.Intimidation.Let the games begin.Show them into the conference room.Donald. Anna.I want to talk to you
for a minute.Counselors.Let's be honest here.Twenty million dollars is more money
than these people have ever dreamed of.See, now that pisses me off.First of all, since the demurrer
we have more than 400 plaintiffs.Let's be honest.
We all know there are more out there.They may not be the most sophisticated
people, but they do know how to divide.Twenty million dollars isn't shit
when you split it between them.Second of all, these people
don't dream about being rich.They dream about being able to
watch their kids swim in a pool...without worrying that they'll have to
have a hysterectomy at the age of 20...like Rosa Diaz,
a client of ours...or have their spine deteriorate
like Stan Bloom, another client of ours.So before you come back here
with another lame-ass offer...I want you to think real hard about
what your spine is worth, Mr. Walker...or what you might expect someone
to pay you for your uterus, Ms. Sanchez.Then you take out your calculator...and you multiply that number
by 100.Anything less than that
is a waste of our time.By the way, we had the water
brought in special for you folks.Came from a well in Hinkley.I think this meeting's over.Damn right it is.Fuck, George, did a bomb blow up?
You letting the kids run wild?What's that?I saw 'em in a mall one day.I said, " Damn...those would look good
on those beautiful ears."So I bought 'em and said, " Next time
Erin does or says something nice...I'll surprise her with 'em."You know how long ago that was?Six months ago.I'm sorry...And so what I'm thinking is...either you gotta find a different job
or a different guy.There may be many men
out there...who don't mind being the maid
and getting nothing in return...but I sure as shit
ain't one of'em.I can't leave my job, George.Yes, you can.You can just quit.
People do it all the time.How can you ask me to do that?This job...For the first time in my life
I've got people respecting me.Up in Hinkley...I walk into a room and everyone shuts up
to hear if I've got something to say.I never had that before.
Ever.Please don't ask me
to give it up.What about what your kids
are giving up?I'm doing more for my kids now
than I did living with my parents.One day they'll understand that.- Well, what about me?
- What about you?You think either one of the men
who gave me those children...asked me what I wanted
before he walked away?All I've ever done is bend my life
around what men decide they need.Well, not now.
I'm sorry. I won't do it.Well...Erin, I'm not them.What more do I have to do
to prove that to you?Stay.What for?Hmm?You got a raise.You can afford day care.
You don't need me.Thank you.We can get them, Pamela.We can.I don't want to feel it
all over again...and then not have it
come out right.I don't know
if I could handle that.Put the kids through that.The thing is,
it doesn't matter...whether you win,
lose or draw here.You were lied to. You and your kids
are sick because of those lies.And for no other reason,
you all have to come together...to stand up in a courtroom
and say that.I'd bring the kids
into the hospital...with towels soaked
from their nosebleeds.They called County Services...'cause they assumed
the kids were being abused.Am I gonna get the best behavior
I was talking about earlier?What's with the attitude?
I just need cool, I need quiet.Okay?Hello?
Am I alone in the car? Yes?I said we'll see.
I don't wanna talk about it right now.- All the other moms gave permission.
- I don't care.When can I get
a freakin' answer?Don't talk to me like that.- Randy's mom said ""yes"" right away.
- Goddamn it, Matthew!Randy's mom doesn't work,
and Randy's dad did not leave her.Figuring out who can take who to roller
hockey is easier at Randy's house.Now cool it.I'll be as quick as I can.
Matthew, can you watch your sister?All right, fine.
Come here, Beth.- Can I come with you?
- No, baby, I'll just be a second.You can't fight a war
without ammunition, can you?Thank you. I'm only sorry
you didn't get to meet Erin.Well, I will. We have
a lot of work to do together.Okay.
Well, thanks for coming over.Erin, I was just
talking about you.This is our new partner, Kurt Potter.
He'll be handling Hinkley now.Oh, I see what you mean
about a secret weapon.Erin, it's great to meet you.
You've done a fabulous job.- I'll be seeing you.
- Thanks. I appreciate your coming over.What?Our new partner? When was I gonna hear
about this, in the monthly newsletter?Hey, just listen. Did I ever
tell you about that airline case?What the fuck
are you talking about?A few years back
I was trying this airline case.I got my ass kicked by this guy.
He just buried me in paper. Brutal.Toughest mother
I'd ever been up against.-Jesus, make a point!
- It was Kurt Potter.When we got the PG&E decision, I asked
him to partner. He didn't hesitate.Of course he wouldn't hesitate now.
We did all the fucking work.Where was he before?It doesn't matter. Erin, listen to me.
You want to win this?He just gave me this check.
It covers all our expenses to date.He's got more toxic tort experience
than anyone in this state.This is good news.By the way,
I got Pamela Duncan.I wanna open it, Mommy.You wanna open the can for Mommy?
Well, here, I'll help you.Can you turn it?Hi, George.Let's go see.Let's go see if it's George.Erin Brockovich?- Yeah.
- Package from Masry and Vititoe.Thank you.Let's see what's in here.- What's in here?
- Baby.There's no baby in here.- What is it?
- A dolly.It's a dolly?It's--Lookit."" Lookit"" is right.Do you see that?- I want that.
- I want that too.It's our lucky day.PG&E has requested that we submit
to binding arbitration.What's that?That's where we try the case
without a jury, just before a judge.It's called a test trial. The judge's
decision is final. There's no appeal.- How many plaintiffs do you have?
- Six hundred and thirty-four.They'll never try that many
all at once.So we need to get them together
in groups of 20 or 30--worst cases, the most life-threatened,
the sickest in the first group...and so on and so on.Each one gets to go before a judge
to determine damages.PG&E has proposed
that they are liable...anywhere between
50 and 400 million.Wait a minute.
Let me just get this straight.If we went to trial, PG&E could
stretch this over ten years...with appeal after appeal.- Those people in Hinkley--
- These people are expecting a trial.That's what we told them, you and me.
They won't understand this.Kurt thinks
it's the best way to go.Look, I promise you that
we'll be very sensitive on this point.We'll make sure they understand...that this is the only way
that we can go forward at this time.But we have
a lot of work to do...before we even
broach that subject.Why don't I take Erin down the hall
so we can start on this stuff...and I'll fill her in
on the rest of the details.- Those are my files.
- Yeah. We had them couriered over.And listen, good work.
They're a great start.We'll just have to spend some time
filling in the holes in your research.Excuse me--
Theresa, is it?There are no holes
in my research.No offense. Some things we need
you probably didn't know to ask.Don't talk to me
like I'm an idiot.I may not have a law degree,
but I've spent 1 8 months on this case...and I know more about these plaintiffs
than you ever will.You don't even have phone numbers
for some of them.- Whose number do you need?
- Everyone's.We need to be able to
contact the plaintiffs.I said,
whose number do you need?You don't know 600 plaintiffs'
numbers by heart.Annabelle Daniels.Annabelle Daniels.
7 1 4-454-9346.Ten years old, eleven in May.
Lived on the plume since birth.Wanted to be a synchronized swimmer, so
she spent every minute in the PG&E pool.A tumor on her brain stem
was operated on on Thanksgiving...shrunk with radiation after that.Her parents are Ted and Rita.
Ted's got Crohn's disease.Rita has chronic headaches and nausea
and underwent a hysterectomy last fall.Ted grew up in Hinkley.His brother Robbie, his wife May
and their five children...RobbieJr., Martha, Ed, Rose and Peter
also lived on the plume.Their number is 454-95 54.You want their diseases?Look, we got off
on the wrong foot here.That's all you got, lady--
two wrong feet and fucking ugly shoes.She insulted me.Bullshit.
It was a misunderstanding.But instead of handling it politely
and treating her with respect--Why should I respect her?Just because she's not supporting 3 kids
with no husband and no education...doesn't make her an idiot.Just because
she dresses like a lawyer...doesn't mean she didn't work her ass off
in shit positions to earn her way.Excuse me
for not going to law school.Law school? At this point
I'd settle for charm school.Mr. Linwood.Oh, God.Bob?6086 Bridge Road...Hinkley, California.Okay, now, if you could
walk me through...all of the elements of...Annabelle's illnesses.Specific details.When the symptoms began
prior to the first medical visit.If you could reserve sentimental
embellishments, I'd appreciate it...because they're not gonna
help you in court.I just need facts, dates, time.I know Theresa isn't real warm,
but they say she's a good lawyer.She asked the same questions you asked.
I already told you everything.I don't want her here again. She's kinda
stuck-up, and she upsets Annabelle.Okay, if you don't like Theresa,
that's okay.You know how important
Annabelle is to me.Ed and I are still here for you.I called Ed two days ago, Erin.
He still hasn't called me back.Now, I hate to say this, but...everyone's pretty upset
about this arbitration thing.What?Pamela's written a letter
in the Hinkley News...telling everybody
to get new lawyers...that we've been lied to.Is it true?Did you? Did you?I'm telling you the truth,
and I will get to the bottom of this.Don't lie to us.- I'll take care of this, I promise.
- We're trusting you, so--Thanks.
I'll talk to you soon.All right. Bye-bye.I'm not saying
it's not a strong case.If it wasn't a strong case, every
demurrer wouldn't have been dismissed.I wouldn't be here.What I am saying is,
we still don't have a smoking gun...that ties San Francisco
to Hinkley...something that proves
that prior to 1 987...PG&E Corporate
knew the water was bad in Hinkley...and did nothing about it.Hey, Erin. I thought
you were taking a sick day.So did I.What's going on in there?Meeting about the PG&E thing.- Are you sure?
- Yep.We can find it,
or we don't have a big win.Can I take a brief break here
for a moment?I'll be right back.What are you doing?If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna
choke you with that fucking tie.- You told me you weren't feeling great.
- Oh, that is bullshit!If I was on my death bed, if it
helped you, you'd drag me out of it.How could you take this
away from me?- Nobody's taking anything.
- Bullshit!You stuck me in Siberia,
dictating to some goddamn steno clerk...so you could finish this
without me.They screwed up, Erin. Do I have
your attention now? They admit it.The arbitration proposal they submitted
could have been written in Sanskrit...for all the sense it made
to the people in Hinkley.I know. I spoke to Ted. Pamela Duncan
wouldn't even get on the phone with me.She's got everybody seeing red with that
letter she wrote. She called us thieves.- The whole thing is falling apart.
- Why? Why?Because before we go to arbitration,
we have to get the plaintiffs to agree.- How many?
- Usually they require about 7 0%.PG&E is demanding 90.
In other words, everybody.Now do you understand?
This is serious.And what, Ed?
I'm not serious?You're emotional.
You're erratic.You say whatever comes into your head.
You make this personal, and it isn't.Not personal?That is my work, my sweat,
my time away from my kids.If that's not personal,
I don't know what is--Hey, come on.Come on.Go home. Get well.Because you're
no good to me sick.I need you. All right?This case needs you.Did you tell them that?Binding arbitration isn't
all that different from a trial.It's overseen by a judge.Evidence is presented
in much the same way.Then a jury decides?Oh, no, sorry.
I forgot to mention that.There's no jury
in binding arbitration.No jury, no appeals.What option do we have
if we don't like the result?None.
The judge's decision is final.- Not a good answer.
- But we don't think that's a problem.As I already told you...it's definitely between
50 and 400 million dollars.Well, which?
There's a big difference there.I wouldn't like to speculate
at this point.Well, how does it get divided?Yeah, who gets what?My medical bills started two years ago,
before some of the other people here.My daughter has been in and out
of hospitals a lot more than his.It shouldn't matter
when it started.Just a minute, please.People, listen, please.Please, the point we have to address
tonight is getting everyone to agree...that going binding arbitration...is preferable to a trial that could
last ten years before you see any money.Maybe some of us
want to wait ten years.Everyone has to agree,
or no one has a chance.Those of you about to leave,
keep this date in mind--1 97 8.That's the year
of the Love Canal controversy.Those people are still waiting
for their money.Think about where you'll be
in 1 5 or 20 years.Look, everyone, is this a big decision?
Absolutely.But I do not believe, and I wouldn't
say this otherwise, this is a sell-out.This is the best shot
at getting everyone some money now.You and I both know...there are people in this room
who can't afford to wait...who need to take that chance.Are you gonna make them wait?So, how many altogether?Well, we got just about everybody
that came here tonight...but that still leaves us
about 1 50 short.Oh, shit.We'll have to go door-to-door.I gotta go pick up my kids.- You need a hand with that?
- No, I got it.You did good.We'll see.Yeah.Thanks for coming.Don't take 'em anywhere
on your bike, okay?I'll give you some money for a cab
if you wanna go somewhere.I got money.So how long
is this gonna take?I don't know.
A few days.Got you your own room.I am really sorry, George.Have the kids eaten?Wanna go get some pancakes?Let's go.
Everybody up.Everybody up today.All right.- Let's go get some pancakes.
- What time is it?It's early. We're gonna take your car
and get some breakfast.No, I need my car.We'll be back in a minute.- Okay.
- Get some sleep.Hey, buddy.- Put that down. Let's go.
- I'll be there in a minute.Let's go eat some pancakes,
girlie.Come on.Baby, don't play with that.
It took me so long to get it organized.Will you put that back, please?This girl's the same age as me.She's one of the sick people?That's why I'm helping her. We'll get
her some medicine, make her feel better.Why can't her own mama
help her?Because her own mom's
real sick too.I'll bring you back some breakfast.You want eggs?Eggs would be great.Eggs would be perfect.Hey, Matt.Erin, how are you?- So, been at this all day?
- Yeah.- You look tired. You want some coffee?
- I'd love some.- I'll make a fresh pot.
- Thanks.Don't I know you?I don't think so.Sure, you were at
the barbecue in Hinkley...and at the town meetin'.I was watching you.I had my eye on you.How nice.Sure, you were talkin' to everybody
and writin' down a lot of stuff.When I saw you
I said to myself...""There's something about her.I really like that girl.''- Matt, can I get that coffee to go?
- Sure thing.I feel like
I can talk to you too...like you're the type of person
I could say anything to.- There you go.
- Great. What do I owe you?There's no charge.Thanks, Matt.Well, nice talking to you.Would it be important if I told you that
when I worked at the Hinkley plant...I destroyed documents?Maybe.What was your name?Charles Embry.Nice to meet you.Can you excuse me
for just a quick second?Come on.Oh, you fucking piece of crap
with no signal!Fuck!Ed! Oh, my God.This guy Charles
said he destroyed records.He worked at Hinkley.Slow down.I'm trying to relax,
and this Charles Embry guy--- Who?
- Charles Embry.First I thought he wanted to kill me.
Then I thought he wanted to pick me up.But why would he say that?
Why would he use that as his line?Shit. Now go back and see
if he'll make a declaration.- A declaration.
- Yeah, but be careful.Don't scare him off.And stay calm.
Stay calm!Remember, if it weren't for you,
I'd be in Palm Springs right now.You're good at
talking people into things.Don't pepper him with questions.
Don't do that.Just let--You know, people want to tell
their story. Just let him talk.Let him do all the talking.Sorry.Would you like another beer?My cousin
passed away yesterday.He had kidney tumors.
No colon.His intestines were eaten away.Forty-one years old.I remember seeing him
over at the plant.He'd be cleaning the cooling towers
wearing one of those--What do you call 'em?- A mask?
- Yeah, yeah, doctor's masks.It'd be soaked in red
from the nosebleeds.I was working in the compressor...and out of nowhere the supervisor
calls me up to the office and says...""We're gonna give you a shredder machine
and send you on down to the warehouse...to get rid of the documents
we've got stored there.''Did he say why?Nope.And I didn't ask.Did you get a look
at the stuff you destroyed?It was a lot of dull stuff--
vacation schedules and the like.But then there were a few memos about
the holding ponds, the water in them.They had readings
from the test wells...stuff like that.You were told to destroy those?That's right.Of course, as it turns out...I wasn't a very good employee.- Good morning!
- Good morning.Ed, Erin, what's this?- May I?
- Go ahead.Well, you know what,
Mr. Potter?We completely forgot
your birthday this year...and as you've been so good to me,
it seemed a terrible oversight.So what Ed and I have been doing is
putting together a present for you.Six hundred and thirty-four.They're all signed,
every single one.- Holy shit!
- Don't go getting jealous, Theresa.She's getting jealous.We have something for you too.Internal PG&E documents
all about the contamination.The one that I like best says--I'm paraphrasing here, but it says,
Yes, the water's poisonous...but it would be better for all involved
to not discuss this with the neighbors.It's to the Hinkley station
from PG&E headquarters.Stamped "" Received, March 1 966.""How did you do this?Well, seeing as how I have no brains
or legal expertise...and Ed here was losing faith
in the system...- No faith.
- I just performed sexual favors.Six hundred and thirty-four blow jobs
in five days.I'm really quite tired.Oh, thank you.I'm still not sure
why you wanted me to come.I want to show you
what you helped to do.- How are you feeling today?
- Good.- It's a good day.
- Oh, I'm glad.Come on in.What a nice surprise this is.I wanted to come out here
instead of calling...because the judge came back
with a number.For the whole group, or...for us, or--Both.He's gonna make them pay...333 million.Oh, my God.And he's gonna make them give
five million of that to your family.Five million dollars?I don't even know
how much money that is!Well, it's enough...for whatever
you could ever need...or whatever your girls need
or your girls' girls need.It'll be enough.Oh, Erin.Oh, God.Thank you so much.It's okay.I don't know what I would've done
without you.It's a good day.This is too much!Masry and Vititoe.
Can I--Shoot.I have a delivery for Ed Masry.It's the last office
down the corridor on the right.Thank you.Masry and Vititoe--Damn it. Does anyone know
anything about these phones?Everybody loves the desk...you picked out for me, baby.And guess who's on the cover
of Los Angeles Lawyer magazine.Talk to you later.
Bye.- Thank you.
- You're welcome.I'd rather walk her through this
in person.There's some things I want to show her--
visual aides, documents and stuff.If you could just tell her
I won't take up too much of her time.Right.Well, it's a little more complicated
than Hinkley, so let me do that.Tell her I'm not a lawyer.
That may help.Great.Why don't you give me the address now,
just in case.All right.Thanks so much.
Bye.What's up?I have your bonus check.I want you to be prepared...because...the figure's not exactly
what we discussed.Why not?Because after careful consideration,
I felt...that the figure was not...appropriate.Although you may not agree...you have to trust my judgment.Trust?
You want me to trust you?Do me a favor, Ed. Don't use
big words you don't understand.It's a complicated issue, Erin.
You're not a qualified lawyer.I did a job.
You should reward me accordingly.That is the problem. All you lawyers do
is complicate uncomplicated situations.Do you know why people think all lawyers
are backstabbing, bloodsucking scumbags?Because they are.I cannot believe you'd do this when I'm
up to my ass in Kettleman plaintiffs...which, by the way, looks like it's gonna
be double the amount we had in Hinkley.You expect me to go out there, leave my
kids to be looked after by strangers...get these people to trust you with their
lives, and all while you're screwing me.I want you to know something, Ed.
It is not about the number.It's about the way my work
is valued in this firm.It's about how,
no matter what I do, you're not--As I was saying...I decided that...the figure you proposed...was inappropriate...so I increased it.Do they teach beauty queens
how to apologize?Because you suck at it.Thank you, Ed.