♪ See the curtains
hanging in the window ♪♪ People trying
not alive ♪♪ A little light
a-shining in the window ♪♪ Lets me know
everything's all right ♪♪ Summer breeze♪ Makes me feel fine♪ Blowing through the Jasmine♪ in my mind♪ summer breeze♪ makes me feel fine♪ blowing through the Jasmine♪ in my mindI tell you what.That's got to be the prettiest girl
we've ever had in competition.I tell ya.Now let's welcome back
our six finalists onstage.Come on back out, girls.There they are. They're as
pretty as they can be,
aren't they? I'll tell you.We're proud of you, girls.
You worked hard. Your mamas
and daddies have worked hard.We're mighty proud of you.All right!Whoo-hoo!God, look at her.
I mean, she was born for this.I had no idea her
breasts were so ample.Dude, she does these
exercises that pump 'em up.Guys, hi. I'm on sexist
overload as it is.Kill the commentary.Now, in the spirit
of mother Teresa,what will be your contribution to your
community and the world at large?Well, Bob, at summer's end I
plan to move to New York City,where I'll pursue a career
as a serious actress.It's my goal to entertain the world
through artistic expression.Through art,
I shall serve my country.Do you feed her
this shit?Work it, babe.Man, they're eatin' it up.
Look, she's incredible.And now, this year's
croaker queen is...Miss Helen shivers!Yeah!
Yeah, that's my girl!
That's my girl!That's my girlfriend!
Helen!Yeah, baby, yeah!♪ My baby's got
the strangest ways of saying ♪♪ Whoo, Whoo, Whoo, Whoo♪ my baby's got
the strangest ways of saying ♪♪ Whoo, Whoo, Whoo, Whoo♪ a strip of jerky
long and lean ♪♪ serve it up
with a side of mean ♪♪ my baby's got
the strangest ways of saying ♪♪ Whoo, Whoo, Whoo, Whoohow's my hair?
Hurricane-proof.Hey, it's all about the hair.
Don't you forget that.Especially when you become
some big hotshot lawyer.Those professional women types think
it's all about brains and ability...and completely ignore
the "do".So, the "do's" vital.
Got it.Hey, you ridin' with me?
Uh, no, tell mom I'll be late.Uh, is little miss croaker
getting sauteed tonight?Ho, a twit with a wit.
Eat me.Hey, Julie.
Brought you a shooter on the house.Oh, thanks, Max, but you know
what, I have this mental block.I can't get past the slime.
How 'bout I take you out
before you leave town?You know, kind of
a bon voyage thing.Oh, uh--you know what-- I-I don't,
I don't think so, Max.We've been friends
since forever.Now, you can't just leave
without a farewell, right?
Right.A toast to us.To our last summer of...immature, adolescent
decadence.Somebody's buzzed.Yo, chum bait, take a hike.
Hey! Hey!Hey, easy! Easy!Hey! Come on, man.
Barry, they're just friends.Man, this is tired.Hey, Ray, just taking care
of your girl like I promised.Thanks, buddy.
Let's blow.Yeah, hey, let's beam down to
Dawson's beach. Little joyride.Good-bye.So the boy and girl
are making out, right,when they hear over the radio
that this lunatic killer's
escaped from an insane asylum.He's got this long, sharp hook
for a hand, right?Dude, your tellin' it
wrong.Shut up.
So the girl, she gets all scared, right?She wants to go home.
And the boy, all hot and bothered,<i>- he gets pissed and peels out.
- Wait. No, no, no.</i>That's not the way it goes.
Okay, the boy goes for help,and the girl stays in the car, and she
hears this, like, scratching sound--it's not a scratching sound.
It's a drip.
Drip, drip.No, it's scratching
because the guy's been hung...<i>From a tree and his feet
are scratching on the car.
No.</i>He's been decapitated, and it's the
blood from his severed neck...that's dripping on the car, and
it's going, drip, drip, drip.No, he wasn't decapitated.
He was gutted with a hook.That's the way
I heard it.Look, you're all wrong.They get back to the girl's
house, and they find...The lunatic's bloody hook
in the car door.Now, that's the original story.
That's the way it really happened.Hey, hey.
None of it really happened.- It's a bullshit ghost story to begin with.
- No, it's not.<i>- It's true.
- Yeah, I don't think so, Ray.</i>I swear it.
Please.It's a fictional story
created to warn young girls...Of the dangers
of having premarital sex.Well, actually, honey--and you know how terrified
I am of your I.Q., but--<i>it's an urban legend,
American folklore.</i>And they all usually originate from
some sort of real-life incident.So, by that time,<i>i will just be finishing my
two-year contract on guiding light,</i>coinciding with your first year as
starting quarterback for the steelers.Cowboys.
Whoever.Then, we can elope
to Europe, or the Caymans,wherever, where I'll let you
impregnate me...With the first of three children...Before you head off
to rehab.And then we can live
happily,blah, blah, blah.Ray? Ray?Where'd you go?I'm gonna hook you!Hey, Ray, you don't really
believe all that crap, do you?
That's true.Please, the hook is
really a phallic symbol.Oh, really?
Yeah, ultimately castrated.God, I'm gonna
miss you.You don't have to.
You can always ditch this Boston thing,and, uh, come
to New York with me.Yeah, well, we can't all sit in a
village coffeehouse and ramble
esoterically on our laptops.There just isn't
enough room.See, nobody gets me the way you do.
I understand your pain.Precisely.
I hate this. I really hate this.You're gonna go off, and you're
gonna fall for some head-shaven,black-wearing, tattoo-covered,
body-piercing philosophy student.That sounds attractive.And I'll never see you again.
Hey!Did you know the success rate of high
school sweetheart relationships...Is higher than any other type
of relationship?Yeah?
Cite your source.Are you sure?♪ Kings and queens♪ from a fortress
of sheets ♪♪ watch TV♪ they may hear us
in magazines ♪Okay, man, but give me the keys.
You're-you're toast.Whose car is this?
N-nobody drives my car but me.I-I-I know, baby.
Um, but the croaker queen
has to get home now.Thank you.
Hey, you two.Give me my fuckin' keys.
You're trashed, pal.All right. Come on.
Come ride in the back with me.
I'll let you do things to me.Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Nobody drives my car but me.You got that, shit smear?
Loud and clear.Get in the car.Here. Jesus!You can't drive for shit,
you know that?- God.
- Can you say "alcoholic"?♪ How are the reasons♪ pushed through
the sound track ♪All right, what the hell is this crap?Yeah!Barry.- Hey!
- You asshole!What's wrong with you?Watch out!<i>- What was that?
- I don't know.</i>Is everybody okay?I think it was an animal.God, you're bleeding!It's not mine.
It must've been a dog or something.Jesus Christ,
my fuckin' car!You fuck!
Can't you see where you're goin'?Look, it-it came out of nowhere.
I didn't see it!A dog couldn't have done that.
Yeah, well, a fuckin' deer could.Look, you dropped your bottle.
I was just trying to--
my dad is going to freak.Barry, it was an accident.
Leave him alone.Where is it?
If it was a deer, then where is it?Look, m-maybe it ran off.I hope so.
I hope we didn't kill it.
Fuck that. Let's go.Oh, my God!No way.Oh, my God.
But I thought--<i>- I didn't see it.
- No, there's no way!</i>Oh, my God,
this isn't happening!You check that side.
Yeah.Come on.
Helen.No!I couldn't see it!
Look, I swear!Is he dead?
I don't know.Check his pulse.
No way!You're the one who rammed him!
Just do it!I think he's dead.Shit! Fuck!Who is he?I can't tell.
His face is all messed up.What the hell was
he doing out here?We've gotta call the police
and get an ambulance out here.Hey, hey, what's
your hurry?The guy's dead.You're not a doctor.
You don't make that decision.Use your brain, Julie.
We call the police, and we're fucked.- It was an accident.
- Look, let's think about this a minute.Think about what?
Think about what?He was crossing the road in the
middle of the night, okay?It was an accident.
You weren't drinking or speeding.<i>There's liquor all over the car.
But you're sober.</i>- They'll never believe I was driving.
- It's my car.They'll nail my ass.
That's not true.Are you kidding?
Look at me.I'm drunk as shit.
I'm fucked.No, we'll call the police.
We'll tell them the truth!- They'll believe us.
- It's manslaughter.- We're gonna fry no matter
who takes the fall.
- Then we leave right now.No way.
Are you crazy?- The grill's busted.
There's blood everywhere.
- We can clean it up. Come on.Listen to yourselves.
No, we are going to the police!We don't have time for your shit!
We gotta move fast!Hey! Now, let's try
to stay calm.Focus.
Don't you get it?If there's some of him on the car,
there's some of the car on him.They're gonna trace it back to you.
You're looking at a hit-and-run.Then we dump
the body.You've lost it.
Look, just pretend we were never here.We could drag him to the
water and dump him in.They wouldn't find
the fucker for weeks.By that time all the evidence
would be washed away.If they found him
at all.The currents are strong.
The undertow-- it could
carry him out to sea.I won't be any part of it.Look, I'm scared, Julie.
I'm not like the rest of you.I don't have your family or the
money to get me out of this.- Please.
- This is your future, Julie.<i>Think about it.</i><i>College. There's
your scholarship.</i>The guy's already dead.
If we go to the police, we're dead too.<i>Fuck.</i>What do we do?
Help me.Shit, they're
slowing down!<i>- Who is it?
- It's Max.</i>Get rid of him!Julie, what you got,
car trouble?Actually, um--It's Barry.
He's had way too much to drink.And we're trying to keep the
upchuck out of the new car.<i>- Well, it doesn't look so new anymore.
- Yeah, don't drink and drive.</i>Daddy's gonna be mad.- What can I do for you, Max?
- You can wipe that
"my shit don't stink" grin off.Okay, Max. Will do.
Have a good night.Y-you almost got
that rich boy act down, Ray.We'll be seeing you,
Max.Yep. Take care, Julie.Even if his body washes
ashore in the next couple of weeks,it'll be eaten
by crabs and small fish.Maybe we'll get lucky
with a shark.Take him to the side.- Put him down.
- Easy.That's it.- Let's do it.
- Wait.What?Should we check his wallet
and see who he is?<i>- Why?
- I don't know, okay?</i>- Just to know.
- I don't wanna know.Let's just pretend
he's some escaped lunatic...With a hook for a hand, and
we're doing everybody a favor.Ray, help me.- I don't think I can, Barry.
- Shit! We agreed.- Come on, Barry.
It's not too late.
- You! Shut up!<i>- Just shut up!
- Christ already, I'll do it!</i>Help! Get him off of me!Get him!My crown! He's got my crown!No!Barry!
Barry!<i>Over here!</i>Ooh!<i>Let's get out of here.
We're going home now,</i>and never ever,
under any circumstances...Known to God,
speak about this again.Is that clear?It is now merely a future
therapy bill, agreed?<i>Helen!</i>I'll never mention
it again.<i>We make a pact, right here and now.
We take this to our grave.</i>Agreed.Julie?Don't you nod your head.
You fuckin' say it!Yeah, okay.We take this to our grave!
Let me hear it!
Let her go, Barry!You fuckin' say it.Okay, Barry, we take
this to the grave.It'll be okay.♪ She'd talk♪ of standing
in the rain ♪♪ no fault
and doing it again ♪♪ some kind of happiness
is measured out in Miles ♪♪ what makes you think you're
something special when you smile ♪<i>Yo, it's time to go.</i><i>Come on.</i>Move your tired, ugly ass, girl.
We're late.I changed my mind.
I'm not going.Julie, get
your white-as-death,chalky corpse
in the car now.I said, "come on."<i>Julie, you're going home
for the summer,</i>and you're gonna get a tan on
that pasty-pale tail of yours.Let's go.Remember.
Sun and fun.Yeah.
Yeah.<i>Julie?</i>Welcome home,
dear.I missed you.<i>How's the snapper?</i>I-I really wanted monkfish, but,
uh, it's been a bad season and--are you
on drugs?What?I just wanted to surprise you.
I want an honest reaction.No.No, mom.
No drugs.Well, then, what is wrong?
I mean, you look like death.Yeah, well, I've had
a rough year.You got some mail.
A letter came today.It's not your report card, though.
That came last week.Mom, I know it looks bad, but the
summer session went really well.Well, it would have to, because according
to the Dean, you only have one more chance.It's not that serious.
Really.What happened
to my daughter?I mean, you went away, and you
don't call and you don't visit.Your father must be
turning over in his grave.Who sent this?Uh, there's no postmark
or return address.Your guess is as good as mine.
Why, what does it say?Nothing.♪ You start having
a great life ♪♪ it's about living
with inspiration ♪♪ start having
a great life ♪Guys, easy.
It's called glass. It breaks.Good morning.
Hi.Well, well.
Look what the cat drug in.Elsa, hi.You know what?
I need to talk to Helen,
and I was wondering...If you could give me her New York number?
Her New York number.Yeah, I need
to talk to her.Fact check, Julie. Helen doesn't have
a New York number.If you need to speak with her, I
suggest you go to women's fragrances,ten feet to your left.<i>Frightening,
isn't it?</i>Julie?Wh-when did you get home?Yesterday.It's good to see you.
What happened to New York?I went for a while.
It, um-- it didn't really work out.Somebody sent this
to me.<i>- Oh, my God.
- Somebody knows, Helen.</i>How?- I don't know.
- Julie, we were so careful.Were we? Were we?What if somebody saw us?
What if somebody else
was there that night?- Who? It's been a year.
- I don't know.H-has Barry seen this?Do you ever see Barry at school?It's a big campus.
Are you sure he came back?I saw his car the
other day at the gym.Did you guys
break up?Hey!What are you two
doin' here?Hi, bar.This is nothing.
"I know what you did last summer"?- Ooh. What a crock of shit.
- We need help.Yeah, I'll say. You know, you guys should
check out a mirror once in a while.- You two look like shit run over twice.
- You're a prick.We can't just ignore it.Come on, Julie.
How do you know this is even related?<i>You did a lot
of things last summer.</i>- Yeah, well, only one murder comes to mind.
- You shut the hell up!We didn't murder anyone.He was still alive when
we dumped him in the water.
Do we have to rehash this?It was an accident.
The guy was in the middle of the road.- His name was David Egan.
- Who?David Egan.He was found
three weeks after we--his body was caught in a shrimp
net not far from Miller's dock.It was in the paper.I think the police called it
an accidental drowning.You can call it an accident all you want,
but he died because of us. That's certain.What about Ray?Have you shown this letter to him?
What does he think?I haven't seen Ray
since last summer.We broke up, and last I heard
he was working up north.Okay, let's suppose somebody
was there that night.Why send a letter
one year later?Probably some crack
fuckin' around.Max.Max, what--
you think?Who else?
He was there.Bring that other pallet.You two wait here.
What are you gonna do?I know what I'm doin'.Well, go figure.You know, I was just thinking to myself,
"whatever happened to that Barry Cox?"Hey, Max.Listen, can we talk
a sec, in private?Oh, what, this isn't
private enough for you?Yeah, what?Ow!
Look, you shit, we got your little letter.What the hell are you talking about?
Don't fuck with me, Max.You saw us that night.
What the fuck are you on, huh?Jesus!
Listen, I'm gonna say this once.I'll fuckin' kill your ass.
I got no problem with that.
Oh, get the fuck off me.Get off of me.
Understand?Ah! Shit.Motherfucker!Don't you test me,
motherfucker!I'll call the cops on
your college quarterback ass!So, did he admit to the letter?
He won't bother you anymore.What did you do?
I took care of it, okay?How?
I scared the shit out of him, all right?Well, I'll be damned.Put another container on it!
Hi.So, Ray grew up to be
a fisherman, huh?Yeah, almost a year now.
I work on that one
over there, on the end.That's nice.
Have a nice life, guys.
I'm outta here.You got a minute?I gotta get back
to work.Call me.
We can get together.Yeah, okay.W-we need to talk.Do you think Max sent it?
Barry does.
I don't know.Well, you know how Max
feels about you guys.Look, he's probably just screwing around.
He doesn't have much else to do.Yeah, maybe.So, how's school?So, you're a fisherman.Yeah, prophecy fulfilled,
right?I've become my father.
I thought you didn't know your dad.Ah, he worked the boats.
That's all I do know about him.Look, I thought
a lot about last summer.I know you hold me responsible
for what happened.
I don't hold you responsible.No, I'm responsible for my own
actions, and I don't blame you.But I don't want
to know you, either.Ah! Fuck!♪ Hush, hush she broke my heart but
I love her just the same now ♪♪ early in the morning
or late in the evening ♪♪ oh, I got to believe you
honey ♪♪ Hush, hush I thought I heard
you calling my name now ♪♪ now hush, hushHello?Hello?Hey!Fuck.My fuckin' jacket.Hey, Hank, who else is here?
Anybody else working out?Just you and me, pal.Hey, hey!Fucker!Max, you're
fuckin' dead.Help me!Help me!
Somebody!What do you want?I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I swear, we didn't mean it. Please.<i>Please don't.</i>One moment, please, officer.<i>Mm-hmm.</i>Julie.What happened?No, for the 40th fucking time,
I couldn't see his face.We have no choice here, okay?
Somebody tried to kill you last night.- We have to go to the police.
- No, he wasn't trying
to kill me last night.If he wanted me dead, he could've done it.
He's just fuckin' with us.- Who is?
- I don't know.
Some guy in a slicker.Well, that narrows it down, this being a
quaint little fishing village and all.And since you
bring it up,we all know
you have a slicker.You are not gonna throw
this on me.No, guys, please don't do this.
This isn't getting us anywhere!Look, maybe we should
just come clean.No. No, we made a pact,
and we're gonna keep it.Yeah, but that's insane now, Barry.
Look at us.
This secret's killing us.I'm not going to the police,
and you're not either.Barry, please.
We could put an end to it...And maybe salvage some
small fraction of a life.And how do we do that, huh?
There was no accident, Julie.It was murder.
Your words, remember?
Murder.I say we find the fuck who's doing
this and have a little one-on-one.- What, like last night, bar?
- Fuck you!No, Barry's right.
Whoever's doing this
isn't going to the police.We could find this guy,
talk to him.How do we find him?Well, it's gotta be a friend or a
family member of the guy we hit.What was his name?David Egan.
Right.David Egan.Look, I don't think
we should give up on Max.I mean, it could still be him.
Then find him, Ray.Prove Barry wrong.
That's what you want, isn't it?No. Now, what I want is for you and me
to just-- listen to me, Ray, okay?I want you to get something.
There is no "you and me".Dr. brown. Dr. brown.Okay, I can access
the local library on-line.I think we can cross-reference
and pull up all we need to know.Egan, David.<i>- All these articles are about David Egan?
- Yeah, or at least mention him.</i><i>It should pull up anything with his name.</i>Wait, July 5.
Two years ago.
What's this?"Susie Willis died of drowning."She was trapped in a car after
it skidded out of control..."In the reefs
near Dawson's beach.The driver, David Egan, was
unharmed." I remember that wreck."Susie was engaged to David.
They were going to be married."Wait a second.
I remember he had her name
tattooed on his arm. I saw it."Survived by his mother Claire and
sister Melissa Egan of Maribel County."They live in the sticks.
What do you think?What have we got
to lose?<i>Turn right.
Where?</i>Back there.♪ A melancholy♪ butterfly just cries♪ tears that stingwhat exactly
is the plan?Are we gonna ring the doorbell
and say, "we killed your son,
we're in the neighborhood, so--"look, I thought we'd scope
it out, then play it by ear.Don't you think we should have
some sort of a plan?Angela lansbury always
had a plan.What if they're
waiting for us?What if they recognize us?
They could have a gun, shoot us dead.It's been a year, Helen.
They could've done that already.Jodie foster tried this, and a
serial killer answered the door.Well, it was
a good try.Adding breaking and entering
to our crime spree?Can I help you?Oh, um, hi.
Our car stalled down the road,<i>and we were just wondering if
maybe we could use your phone?</i>Phone's over there.
Oh, thanks.Um, Jody,will you call
triple a?You got it, Angela.My name is Missy Egan.
Are you girls from Maribel?Oh, southport.
Uh, I went to southport high.Yeah, I-I knew you looked familiar.
Wh-what year?<i>- Uh, class of '88.
- Your name, Egan, sounds very familiar.</i>Did you have a brother or something?
I did, but he was younger.David. Younger.<i>- What class was he?
- Uh, '92, but he's dead.
He died last July.</i>I'm-I'm so sorry.- Thanks.
- D-do you, uh, do you live alone?Yeah, I do.Uh, well, my daddy died a long
time ago, and my mama, she's...In a home in aurora, because she didn't
take too well to what happened to David.Things just haven't been
the same since he died.They're on their way.<i>I could, uh-- I could make you guys
a cup of tea while you're waitin'.</i>- Thanks.
- Yeah, thanks. That-that's nice of you.You know, I
think I remember David.He had a friend, right?
What was his name?Who?Didn't he hang out with this guy?
And they were really close.- God, what was his name? Um.
- Oh, I-I-I don't know.I didn't-- I didn't know
too many of David's friends.Oh.But there was
one guy, one guy.He-he stopped by not too long
after David's death,and-and he came
to pay his respects.- Really?
- Oh, yeah.
He was a really nice guy.He was cute and smart and--well, we were-- we were
sweet on each other...For about two minutes,
but it didn't work out.You know, he did-- he never really said it,
but I think it hurt him to be around me.Where is
this old friend now?Oh, I-- I don't know.Do you remember his name?
Billy.Did he have a last name?
Blue. Billy Blue.Well, you know what?
We should probably wait back at the car.<i>No, don't be ridiculous.
Why don't-- uh, stay.</i>No, I-I don't, I don't want
to miss triple a.<i>We appreciate the phone.
Anytime, you know.</i>I-I don't get too many knocks
on my door nowadays.You okay?I wigged out.
I'm sorry.But being in his house
and seeing his sister--God. Do you see
what we've done?It was an accident.Helen, we killed a man, and then
ruined the lives of everyone he knew.I don't think we're that powerful, Julie.
You're giving us too much credit.Hey!You forgot your cigarettes.
Thank you.Well, I see you've got this
car started, didn't you?Yeah, damnedest thing.
It started right up.
Funny how that happens.So, what now?Now we try and locate
this Billy Blue.Maybe he wanted
to die.What?
David Egan.His girlfriend was killed on that
same road July 4, one year earlier.Maybe he blamed himself.
Maybe he was sitting in the road
waiting for us to hit him.Yeah, if that will help you
sleep at night.What happened between us?We used to be
best friends.We used to be
a lot of things.I miss you.Yeah, well.Low in the dirt, ball two.Garrett doesn't seem
to have his typical control today, Greg.In fact, this is as wild as we've
ever seen him in the season.That's right, Dave. In
fact, over the last three games,he's only allowed three bases on balls,
not one of those runners ever scoring.Pretty remarkable indeed as
neale steps back into the box--Hey, dad.
One to nothing here in the third.Garrett taking his time.
Here's the pitch.Strike one.
Wicked cut. Neale
seemed fooled by that pitch.In fact, in addition
to the split-fingered fastball--Ready now with the
sign and the pitch. Fouled off.Strike two.
Last year, neale would've
been sending that pitch...- Over to the next County.
- It's true.And the pitch.
Very high and very inside.I don't know what it is.I couldn't agree more, as the
count is full now at three and two.Garrett settling himself,
looking at the sign.Here's the windup.There's a smash up the middle!They got him!
Nice play at second.
Wow, what a play.Hey, is the washed-up,
dried-out has-been having a moment?What do you want?We're doing inventory
at the store tomorrow.
I need you there by 10:00.I can't.
I'm in the parade tomorrow.Well, dad put me in charge of the
store, and I want you there by 10:00.The outgoing queen has to ride in
the parade prior to the pageant.It's tradition.
There's nothing I can do about it.You and your hair.
It is so pathetic.You can leave now.So very pathetic.No!No! No! No!Hello?What?
Oh, my God.Max!You sure he was dead?
Don't ask me that again!He was dead, okay?
I saw him with-- with these crabs.You do it.No, don't even-- he was there, goddamn it!
And he was wearing your jacket, Barry.Well, where'd he go?
Did the crabs carry him away?I swear to God.
I believe you, Julie.He took the body.
He came and he took the body.- Why would he do that?
- I don't know, Barry. Okay?Why would he try to run you over?
Why did he make coleslaw on Helen's head?- He's fucking with us!
- Come on, Julie.
Let's go back to the house.Where's your jacket, Barry?Don't you see?
He's got us now.This is exactly what he wants.
We can't go to the police. Not
now. He's made sure of that.He's just out there and
he's watching us and waiting.
What are you waiting for, huh?What are you waiting for?What are you
doin' here?Hey, I've been lookin' everywhere for you guys.
You're gonna die.Hey, stop it!
What are you doin'?Stop it! Stop!
I didn't do anything!You're fuckin' lyin'.
He's lying!Leave him alone. Get a grip.
No, wake up, Julie!
He's behind this.<i>How many fucked-up
fishermen are out there?
Look, he's after me too.</i>I got a letter.Oh, you got a letter.
I got run over, Helen gets
her hair chopped off,<i>Julie gets a body in a trunk
and you get a letter?</i><i>That's balanced.
What body?
What are you talking--</i>drop the act.
You killed Max.
You took my jacket.<i>Max is dead?
What is it with you, Ray?</i>You were doggin' us
from the start, weren't you?
Always wantin' to be our friend,but you were too fuckin'
jealous to handle it.<i>- Look, fuck you!
- Stop it!</i><i>Look, we have to stick
together, all right?</i>We have to help each other.Okay, so if it's not fisher boy here,
who is it and how do we find him?We think his name
is Billy Blue.How do you know that?Missy said there was
a friend named Billy Blue.Who probably went to school
with David Egan.
So, according to sis,that would make him
class of '92.Elsa was class of '92.Maybe there's something
in her yearbook.<i>That's him, huh?
It's hard to believe that's the guy.</i>Yeah, his face isn't splattered
all over the road, dumb ass.Maybe Blue's not
his real name.That's right. I mean, he could've
easily lied to Missy. We did.We should bring the yearbook to Missy.
If she had it-- she could point him out.I'm not goin' anywhere.Wh-- high school
mug shots? Wh--I'll go. You've got
that parade today.Forget it.
No! No, you need to be
there in case he shows up.I don't want him to show up!
Look, Helen, this could be our chance.Okay, we could
catch him.I'll go to Missy's. Barry, go to
the parade with Helen
and don't let her out of your sight.If he shows up--
I'll pound his ass.<i>Listen to yourselves. You sound
like a bunch of vigilantes.</i>It's July 4, Ray.
Okay? This is his day.Whatever he has planned is gonna
happen today unless we stop him.Look, come on, Julie.
Don't you see?It's that moment where we
have to make a decision.Let's make the right one
this time.I'm not interested in
what's right anymore, Ray.
I wanna do what's smart.Then let's get the hell out of here.
We can leave town, disappear.I've already disappeared.
Okay, now I want my life back.Look,
we have to face this.What's it gonna be,
Ray?Barry? Barry!Over there!Move!Move it!Oh, shit!Where the hell is he?♪ I'm goin' where
the cold wind blows ♪Missy?♪ Where the sun
don't ever shine ♪Hello?♪ My girl, my girl♪ don't you lie to me♪ tell me where did you
sleep last night ♪Hello?Hello?Please. Please.Missy?Missy, do you remember me
from the other day?You know, the car trouble?
What are you doin' here?Please,
we need to talk.Hmm.
I need to find your
brother's friend Billy Blue.I need to talk to him.
I was thinking maybe you could
look through this yearbook.What-- what's this
all about?Well, it's too crazy to explain, but it has
to do with your brother and last July 4.What about it?What happened to your brother
wasn't an accident.
There's more to it than that.I know.
You know what?Well, he killed himself.He what?He, uh-- he went up there
to die that night.
That's where Susie died.See, the whole town
blamed him for her death.So, he blamed himself.But how do you know
it was a suicide?He left a note.I had to keep this hidden from the
insurance company 'cause they wouldn't--they wouldn't pay me the money,
you know, if it was suicide.<i>Uh,</i>yeah, that don't much matter
anymore because, uh,money's been spent.That's it.This isn't a suicide note.
This is a death threat.What are you ta-- what are you--
what are you talking about?Your brother didn't
kill himself, Missy.I saw him. I was there.
And whoever sent this was there too.What do you mean?
Where did you see him?
He was crossing the road.We hit him.
It was an accident.
No!- My brother drowned.
- I saw him. He had "Susie"
tattooed on his arm.He doesn't have a tattoo.
I saw it on his right forearm.You didn't see anything!
Get outta here.Get out of my house.Oh, my God.It wasn't your brother.Testing.
One, two, three, four.Leon, pull it up a little bit.
There's gonna be a lot of people
in here who can't hear it.Pull it up just--
one, two, three--now that's got it.
Don't nobody mess with it.
Leave it right there.Cut 'em.Stay calm.
I'll be up in the balcony.He had a hook, Barry.
I saw it. It was a big, huge hook.Everything's gonna
be all right.I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.Very nicely done, ladies.Now, let's meet last year's
winner, miss Helen shivers.<i>Way to go, Helen!</i>♪ You'rful girl♪ you're a gorgeous mixture
of all that lies ♪♪ under those baby blue eyesNow as we continue with our
pageant, we move into the talent competition.All right, ladies.[Ook at me ♪♪ and tell me
what you see ♪♪ you ain't seen
the best of me yet ♪<i>♪ give me time and I'll
make you forget the rest ♪</i>- ♪ I've got more to give
- Jesus.♪ And you can set it free♪ I can touch the moon
with my hand ♪♪ don't you know who I am♪ remember my name
fame ♪Barry!No-o-o-o!Somebody help him, please!
Somebody help him!The balcony!<i>- Barry-y-y!</i>- Help him! Barry!
- Help him! Barry, no!Help him!
Please don't!<i>Excuse me.
Someone listen to me!</i>He's got him-- hey, hey, hey!
What's the problem?Help him! He's gonna kill him!
Who? Who's killin' who?<i>- Up in the balcony.
-  - All right, everybody, stay calm.</i>Get off of me!You people just move back in your
seats. Everything's under control here.<i>Go back in your seats now, please.
Thank you.
Everybody move back.</i>Ma'am, stay behind me,
okay?All right,
ladies, places please. Places.There's nobody up here.
I gotta tell you, this is really
not my idea of a funny joke.He was here.
Who was here?The fisherman. He killed Barry!
Barry who? Who?Who we talkin' about?
There's nobody up here.
Come on. Let's go downstairs.Come on.
There's nobody up here.Watch your step.Ladies and gentlemen,
if you'll take your seats.It was a false alarm.
We're gonna resume in a few minutes.Ma'am, I'm gonna
take you home.Your parents are really worried about you.You have to believe me.Why don't you let me
take you home, okay?Uh, excuse me.We'll be needing this.Oh, come on.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.<i>- So, then he killed him with a fishhook.
-  Yes.</i>Did this fisherman use the same
hook that cut your hair off?No, he used scissors,
asshole.Look, okay, I know I sound
delusional, but it's true.You know, I've heard
this story before,except the way I heard it it
wasn't a fisherman, it was
an escaped mental patient...And he had a hook
for a hand.Well, we're gonna have to
take the alley.Look, you little shit-stick,
mayberry-ass reject,there's been a murder, and you're
gonna fry in hell if you ignore it.All right, I'll tell you
what I'll do, okay?I'll contact Barry's parents and we'll
put out a search for him, all right?He was probably just
playin' a prank on you.Oh, Jesus.Listen, I'm just gonna be a minute, all right?
I'm gonna see if this fella needs help.It's-- it's him.What's the trouble?That's him! Behind you!Behind you!No-o-o-o!No! No!"Susie Willis killed.
Trapped in car."Driver unharmed.
Survived by her father, Benjamin,a local fisherman."Elsa. Elsa!Elsa! Elsa!Elsa, open the door!
Elsa!Elsa!Elsa, open the door, please!
Elsa, Jesus Christ, hurry!Please!Please! Elsa!
What are you doing?Elsa! Please, Elsa!
Open the door!Jesus Christ, hurry, please!
Elsa, open the door now!Please, let me in!
Oh, God! Hurry, please, Elsa!- I'm coming.
- Elsa!Elsa! Please!You could have walked around.
The broad street entrance is open.I'm being attacked!<i>You're what?</i>Lock the other door.
I'll call the police.
What is going on?Just do what I say,
goddamn it!Come on. Come on.Elsa?Elsa?Elsa, where are you?No!No!No!No!No!Ray.Ray! Ray!<i>Ray!</i>Julie, what are you doing here?
We didn't kill David Egan.It was someone else
on the road that night.
What are you talking about?- But they found David's body
in the water.Susie's father,
- yeah, I know.'S a fishermabena- but I think Ben Willis killed David Egan.
- Wait a second.You think Willis killed David,
then we killed him?What if he didn't die, Ray?
What if he's still alive?This is crazy.Come aboard. Come inside.No, we've gotta find Helen and Barry.
We will. We will.You.Oh, my God. It's you.
What are you talkin' about?Billy Blue.
You went to Missy's.<i>You're-- you're the friend.
You're the fisherman.</i>Wha-- I-I-I can explain.
Julie, wait!Julie!
Oh, shit!Julie!
Stop it!<i>Oh. Oh, please help me.
Please.</i>- Easy, child.
- Please, I need to call the police.<i>On the boat. Inside. Hurry!</i><i>Are you in some kind of trouble, child?</i>Yes. Yeah.
I'm in a lot of trouble.That's a shame...Being it's fourth of July
and all.Kids like you should
be out having fun:Drinking, partying,running people over,getting away with murder;
Things like that.<i>You.</i>Ben Willis.
Good.I see you've been doing
your homework too.Shit.Welcome aboard, Ray.Julie!Ray!No-o-o-o!Open the door, Julie.You got no place to hide.No. No.Come on, Julie!Ray!E.Please, it was an accident.
I know all about accidents.And let me give you some advice:
When you leave a man for dead,make sure he's really dead!We never killed anyone.
This whole year was for--
I know.The guilt
was killin' me.And I had to know
who he was.That's why I went
to see Missy.I'm sorry I didn't tell you,
but... I wanted you back.I couldn't lose you again.I love you, Julie.No one gets me
the way you do.I understand
your pain.Do you have any idea why
this man would want you dead?None.
No.Here it comes!Well, don't worry.The body'll turn up.
They usually do.Yeah, well,
I made the Dean's list.Thank you very much.No, I know. I miss you too.
But I'm gonna see you
in a couple of weeks.God, I cannot wait.
I love New York.No, of course
I love you more.Yes, I do. I love you
and you know that.
But you know what?I've gotta take a shower.
I'm running really late.<i>Hey, Julie,
you got some mail.</i>Oh, thanks, Deb.A towel.Ray, don't you start with me.
Look, you, mister,
can ravage me in two weeks.Yes, I love you too.
'Kay, yes, I love you.♪ Well, I got a certain little girl
she's on my mind ♪♪ no doubt about it
she looks so fine ♪♪ she's the best girl
that I ever had ♪♪ except that's the girl
that made me feel so sad ♪Ade me feel so sad ♪♪ Whoa♪ Hey, now hush, hush thought I
heard her calling my name now ♪♪ now hush, hush she broke my heart
but I love her just the same now ♪♪ now hush, hush I thought I
heard her call my name now ♪♪ now hush, hush you broke my
heart but I'm not to blame now ♪♪ early in the morning♪ or late in the evening♪ ah, gotta believe me, honey♪ hush, hush thought I heard
her calling my name now ♪♪ now hush, hush she broke my heart
but I love her just the same now ♪♪ now hush, hush I thought I
heard you call my name now ♪♪ hush, hush you broke my heart
but I'm not to blame now ♪♪ early in the morning♪ or late in the evening♪ Ow♪ oh♪ Well, I got a certain little
girl she's on my mind ♪♪ no doubt about it
she looks so fine ♪♪ she's the best girl
that I ever had ♪♪ except that's the girl
that made me feel so sad ♪♪ Oh♪ Hey, now hush, hush I thought I
heard her calling my name now ♪♪ hush, hush you broke my heart but
I love her just the same now ♪♪ hush, hu
call my name now ♪♪ hush, hush you broke my heart
but I'm not to blame now ♪♪ early in the morning♪ or late in the evening♪ Ow♪ oh♪ Oh, yeah♪ Na, na-na-na♪ na-na-na♪ na-na
♪ whoa-oh