Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today[Indistinct
Radio Communication]Radio: For those who haven't,
uh, read the plaque,we'll read the plaque." Here men
from the planet Earthfirst set foot
upon the moonJuly 1969.We came in peace
for all mankind."[Rumbling][Rumbling Increases][R.E.M. Plays On Radio]* It's the end
of the world ** As we know it ** It's the end
of the world ** As we know it ** It's the end
of the world... *[Beep Beep][Beep Beep]* And I feel fine... **[Drops Golf Club][Shuts Music Off][Loud Static][Ring]If this isn't an insanely
beautiful woman,I'm hanging up.Sir, I--I--I think you
should listen to this.[Static]Aah! Aah.- God damn it!
- Sir?- Sir?
- Damn!Woman: Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.Come on, baby. Come on.This better not beanother damn Russian
spy job.Boys from Air Traffic RES
say skies are clear.It's the real thing.A radio signal
from another world.Let--Let's not jump
the gun here.Get on-line
with Space Command.They're gonna want
to know about--Jeez, what's
with the golf balls?You're gonna
kill me here.Wait. wait.
This can't be right.The calculated
distance from sourceis only
37 5,000 kilometers.It's coming
from the moon.[Static]Who else knows
about this?S.E.T.I. in New Mexico
identified a signal,but, uh, they're
even more confusedthan we are, sir.[Beep]Excuse me.Major?Yes, sir.Radar reception
has been impaired,but we were able
to get these.And we estimatethat it has a diameter
of over 5 50 kilometersand a mass roughly
1/ 4 the size of our moon.What the hell is it?A meteor?No, sir.Man: No.
Definitely not.How do you know?Well, sir, it's...
slowing down.It's what?It's, uh...
it's slowing down, sir.[Beep]Get me the secretary
of defense.Then wake him![Ring]Hello.Hi. It's me.Hi.What time is it there?It's 2:45
in the morning.I know I didn't
wake you.As a matter of fact,
you did.Liar.I have a confession
to make.I'm sleeping next to
a beautiful young brunette.You didn't let herstay up all night
watching TV...did you?Of course not.You're gonna come home right
after the luncheon, right?Yes, yes, yes, yes.Mommy?Here's your mother.Hi, honey.Hi. I miss you.I know.TV: President Whitmore's
approval ratingshave slipped
below 40%.Even his crime bill
failed to pass.Are the salad days over for
President Whitmore? Morton?Leadership as a pilot
in the Gulf Waris completely different
from leadership in politics.Daddy let me watch
Letterman.Traitor.That's the problem.They elected a warrior,
and they got a wimp.Good morning,
George.Good morning,
Mr. President.That game couldn't
have been pretty.Ha ha.
Thank you, sir.Connie, you're up awfully
early this morning.They're not attacking
your policies.They're attacking
your age." Whitmore seems
less like the presidentand more like
the orphan child Oliverasking, 'Please, sir,
I'd like some more.'"That's clever.Yeah, well,
I'm not laughing.Age was never an issuewhen you stuck
to your guns.You were thought of
as young, idealistic.Now the message
has gotten lost.It's just too much politics.
It's too much compromise.Isn't it amazinghow quickly everyone
can turn against you?It's a fine linebetween standing
behind a principleand hiding behind one.You can tolerate
a little compromiseif you're
actually managingto get something
accomplished.Well... the Orange County Dispatch
has voted youone of the 10 sexiest men...
of the year.That's...That's accomplishing
something.Excuse me, Mr. President.It's the secretary
of defense.Yes.Can you say that again?[Explosion]Radio: Station WXBY
out here in Brooklyn.Radio: Station WXBY
out here in Brooklyn.The temperature is
95 degrees in Central Park.What it is here
in the borough,God only knows.Let's go to NickJones.He'll give us a traffic
report to the beaches...So why are you
waiting? Hmm?My social security
will expire,you'll still
be sitting there.I'm thinking.Yeah, well,
think already.Dad, do you have any ideahow long it takes for
those cups to decompose?If you don't move
soon,I'm gonna start
to decompose.OK.Ah. Ah.Listen, David,I've been meaning
to talk with you.It's nice that you see
me so much now, but--Don't--Don't start, Dad.I'm only saying
it's been, what,four years?You're still wearing
your wedding band?Three years.All right, three, four.
You're divorced.Come on, move on.
This is not healthy.No, this is not healthy.
Smoking is not healthy.Checkmate.Wait a minute,
wait a minute,wait a minute.Wait, wait, wait.
This is not--This is not
checkmate.See you
tomorrow, Pop.Now,just hold on.
This is not checkmate.[Mutters]Ahh, checkmate.Yes, we've got
everybody we haveYes, we've got
everybody we haveworking on the problem.We are doing every...I love X-Files, too.
I hope you get to see it.Woman: Good morning.
Compact Cable.Anna will take care of you.
David. David.What the hell's the point
of having a beeperif you're not gonna
turn it on?It was turned on.
I was ignoring you.Hello.
What's the, uh...What's
the big emergency?It started this morning.Every station's making
like it's the 1950s.We got static.
We got snow.All kinds
of distortions.- Nobody knows--
- Marty--What the hell
are you doing?There's a reasonwe have bins
labeled " recycle."What the hell
is going on?My God in heaven.So sue me. David!
We got a problem.Did you try to switch
transponder channels?Oh, please.
You think I'd be this panickedif it was something simple?OK. Let's point the dish
at another satellite.We tried that.
It didn't work.It's almost as though
they weren't even there.All right. All right.
What've we got here?This is impossible.TV: We created
a race of robots.Their function...Miguel, the signal's
all screwed up.Stop it.
Just leave it alone.You're gonna break it,
all right?It's so fuzzy.[Horn Honks][Horn Honks]Oh, no.Good morning, Lucas.You see these?I got a whole god damn
crop full of these.If your father's
not in the airin 20 minutes...I'm getting
someone else.Hey!Russell!Hey, Miguel!Ha ha ha ha ha!Whoaaaa!Whooooo!Yahhhh-hoooo!Russell!
What are you doing?Whoo!Just what in the hell
do you think you're doing?Whoa! Ohh!Oh!It's the wrong field,
you idiot.Lucas' farm is
on the other side of town.[Rooster Crows]Are you sure?[Speaking Spanish][Rumbling]CNS is running a story
that we're covering upsome type of nuclear
testing experiment.Tell them to run with itif they want to
embarrass themselves.NASA's been on my butt
all morning.They want to know
our position.Our official position iswe have no official
position.Connie,
what is going on here?Come on, would I keep you
out of the loop?- Yes, absolutely.
- In a second.What? I can't hear you.At the moment,our satellites are
somewhat unreliable.Isn't it possiblethat this thing may
just pass us by?What if it doesn't
"pass us by" ?Let's retarget some ICBMs
to blow it outta the sky.And risk turning one
dangerous falling objectinto many?We don't yet know
enoughabout what
we're dealing withto make any kind
of intelligent judgments.Luckily, the press is
making up their own storyat this point.But that's not
gonna keep.We may need to upgrade
to Defcon Three.Absolutely.
General, contact NORAD.You tell them we've upgraded
to Defcon Three.That's not what
the president said.That's a little
premature.I don't think so.We have more than 50%
of the armed forcesout on weekend leave,not to mention
the commanders and troopsthat are in town
for the 4th ofJuly parade.Go ahead, Commander.Our intelligence
tells usthe object has settled
into a stationary orbit.Well, that's
good news.Uh, not really, sir.Part of it
has broken offinto nearly three
dozen other pieces...smaller than
the whole, sir,yet over 15 miles
in width themselves.Where are
they heading?They should be entering
our atmospherewithin
the next 25 minutes.Take us to Defcon Three.[Beeping][Beeping]Please tell me we're
gettin' somewhere.Oh, there's good news,
and there's bad news.All right,
what's the bad news?The bad news is that
you're in meal penaltyfor disturbing my lunch.And the good news is
you're not gonna charge me.Uh, no. The good news is
that I've found the problem.It's not our equipment.There's some kinda weird signal
embedded in the satellite feed.And that's the good news?Yeah, 'cause this signalhas a definite
sequential pattern,so as soon as I find
the exact binary sequence,then I can calculate
the phase reversalwith that analyzerI built you for your
birthday and apply it,we should be able to
block it out completely.And then we'll be
the only guys in townwith a clear picture?!Yes! Yes! Yes!Oh, David,
that's why I love you!I know.
That's unnecessary.Oh, yes! Yes!You're too kind.[Rumbling]This better be good.Captain on deck!Sir, we're looking
at a total radar blackoutover a 13 kilometer area.Let's do a diagnostic
check--Excuse me, sir.The radar may be
malfunctioning,but the infraredis totally
off the map.Jeez.Get me Atlantic Command
on the line.Hang on, sir.Sir, we have
visual rangewith incoming
over Iraqi airspace.Second sighting?Yes, sir. This just came in
from the Persian Gulf.Correction, sir.We now have two
confirmed visual contacts.That's affirmative.
Mr. President.They're tracking another one
off the California coastline.[Whispers]All right, go ahead.
Put it on.General, you might
want to watch this.TV: Ladies and gentlemen...ladies and gentlemen,we are interrupting
our regular broadcastto bring you
extraordinary eventstaking place
in the Russian Republic.This unexplained disturbanceand the hysteria
that it's causingare incredible.Woman: How
would you describewhat you're seeing?It is clearing
the mountains...moving too slowlyto be a comet
or meteor.Widespread panic has
gripped the countrysideas thousands have
taken to the streets.It is confirmed.The unexplained
phenomenonis headed
for Moscow.Mr. President,we have an AWAC
off the West Coast.ETA with contact point:
three minutes.I don't
understand it, sir.Side radar
doesn't see it.I know. It's blind, sir.Nothing is registering.Negative.
We have zero visibility.Visibility is at...
zero.Command, this is
Eagle Eye 37 0.General Grey: Captain,
the president is listening.Repeat what
you just told me.We still have
zero visibility.Instrumentation
is malfunctioning.[Static]We can't get
any kind of readingof what's
in front of us.Wait a minute.[Static]May be clearing.Pull up! Pull up!- Aah!
- Aah!Line's gone, sir.Two more have been spotted
over the Atlantic.One's moving
toward New York,the other's
headed this direction.How much time
do we have?Less than 10 minutes.Alex, organize
a military escort.Mr. President,
I strongly recommendwe move you to a secure
location immediately.Connie, can we expectthe same kind of panic
we saw in Russia?More
than likely.We can discuss this
on the way.I'm not leaving.We have to maintain
a working government...I want you to get
the vice president,the whole cabinet,
and joint chiefs,and take them
to a secured location.I'm staying.I don't want to add
to a public hysteriathat's gonna cost lives.Connie.Yes, sir?We'll initiatethe Emergency
Broadcast System.We'll advise people
not to panic.The best idea
right nowis to stay
in their homes.Yes, sir.
Roy. Dean.And, Alex, you contact
the cabinet members.Have them rendezvous here.We'll take them to NORAD.Mr. President,
with your permission,I'd like to remain
at your side.I had a feeling
you would.And what happens if they
do become hostile?Then God help us.There it is, the strange
atmospheric phenomenon.It is apparently
what has been causingall the distortions
in our broadcasts.David, are you
watching this?General Grey On TV:
Not to reactin a manner
of cold fear.We have no evidencethat these phenomena
are endangering anyone.Thus far,
reports of aggression...Marty, listen to this.I got a lock on the pattern
of that signal,so we can filter it out.But if my calculations
are right,it's going to be gone in,
like, seven hours anyway.It's reducing itself
every time it recycles,so eventually
it's gonna disappear...You listening?Can you
believe this?David, haven't you
been watching?David!TV: General.Good afternoon.So far, the phenomenon has
not caused any damage.We have to ask you
to try to stay calm,and it's important
for everyone not to panic.We have a fix on three
of the occurrencesabout to appear
over American cities.It's just unreal.Hey, Miguel,
come here.TV: One is headed
towards Los Angeles.The other two are
on our eastern seaboardheaded towards New York
and Washington, D.C.headed towards New York
and Washington, D.C.Marty.Marty.Jamie saysthis building has
an old bomb shelter.We're heading
down there now.All right. Um, everybody,
head down to the basement.Take it slow.
Don't run.Walk down
to the basement.There's no shame
in hiding.Oh, I better
call my mother.- Hoo hoo!
- Ha ha ha!Well, look who
we have here.Hey, Russ, I heardyou had a little
trouble this morning.Dusted the wrong field.I know you're probably
still a little confusedfrom your hostage
experience.Hostage experience?Did something happen
to you, Russ?Oh, yeah. Seems
years back,our boy was kidnapped
by aliens.Did all kinds
of experiments on him.Tell them about it,
Russ.Get a couple beers
in him,he'll tell you
all about it.Crazy stuff.
Won't you, Russ?Russ...when they took you
up in their spaceship,did they do any...sexual things,
do you recall?Do you recollect?Ha ha ha!- Ha ha ha!
- Ha ha ha!Oh, Russ!Ha ha ha ha ha![Rumbling]Let's get
outta here.What's going on?[TV Plays][Glass Breaks]What's that?Let's get outta here.
Come on.[People Shouting]Oh, wow.Oh, my God.Mommy! Lookit!Mmm...It's too early, baby.[Rumbling]Is it a earthquake?Woman: Not even
a four pointer.Go back to sleep.Mmm...Daddy!What are you
doing here?You should be
down in the shelter.What's going on?[Rap Plays]Come on!
Pass it over here, man!Come on! Come on!Unh![Tires Screech]Aren't you coming,
David?No. I gotta see this.That's cool, man![Horn Honks]You jerk!Whoa![Horn Honks]The signal.My God.Now what do we do?Address the nation.
There's gonna bea lot of frightened
people out there.Yeah.I'm one of them.Hey, hey, hey.
Come on.Woman: He's just
trying to impress you.If you want to impress me,
you need to get a joband stop slobbering
all over my shoe.[Urinating]I don't believe this.
Jasmine.Neighbors moving out.Guess they finally got tired
of all these quakes.[Urinating]A little shake,
and they running.TV: Police and
the fire departmentsare asking everyone
to stay off the phone.Baby, there's something
on the news about the quake.TV: The police are asking
us not to call 911.What's up, man?What you been
doing out there?Shooting the aliens.Oh, you shooting aliens,
right?You think
you tough, huh?What you got? Turn around.
Let me see what you got.Come on, Boomer.Let's get you
something to eat.Mmm. Uh, nnnnn...
Oh, now, watch out.Watch it now, baby.I'll go grab
the paper.All right.Ow!Darn--Man: Honey, let's go!Babe, you want
some of this coffee?Babe.Boom! Boom! Boom!Newscaster On TV:
Pentagon officialsare reporting more ships
have just arrivedover the capitals
of India,England, and Germany,bringing estimates up to
anywhere from 10 to 15of these city-sized
spacecraft.I know, Ma.Just try
and stay calm.Tell her to pack up
and leave town.Why? What happened?Just do it!Oh, Ma.
Ma, listen.Get your stuff together
and head for Aunt Esther's.Don't argue with me.
Just go!David, why did I just
send my mother to Atlanta?David.David, talk to me.Did you hear me tell youthat the signal hidden
in the satellite feedis slowly recycling down
to extinction?Not really.It's a countdown.A countdown?Wait. A countdown
to what, David?Uh, it's like in chess:First you strategically
position your pieces,then, when
the timing's right,you strike.See?They're positioning themselves
all over the worldusing this one signal
to synchronize their efforts.In approximately six hours,the signal's going
to disappear,and the countdown's
going to be over.And then what?Checkmate.[Gasp]Oh, my God.Oh, my God!I've got to call
my brother.I'd better call
my housekeeper.I gotta call
my lawyer.Eh, forget
my lawyer.Announcer On TV:
Ladies and gentlemen,the president
of the United States.Good afternoon.My fellow Americans,a historic and unprecedented
event has occurred.The question
of whether or notwe're alone in the universehas been answered.Although
it's understandablethat many of us feel a sense
of hesitation or even fear,we must attempt
to reserve judgment...He says
he's your husband.Oh, God.What do you want?You got to leave
the White House.[Whispering] This is hardly
the time nor the placeto be having that
same old discussion!You don't understand.You got to leave
Washington.Well, in case you
haven't noticed,we are having
a little crisis here.They're communicating
with a hidden signal.They're going to attack.You are just
being paranoid!Shh!It's not paranoia.
The embedding's very subtle.It's probably
been overlooked. If--[Dial Tone]Marty, what
are you doing?Get out of town
as soon as you can.- Please.
- OK, OK.TV: My staff and I will
remain in the White Houseas we attempt
to establish communication.If you feel compelled
to leave these cities,please do so
in an orderly fashion.Hey! What's
going on?Excuse me.Coming through.TV: The arrival
of the alien visitorshas caused over 10,000
fender-bendersin just
a few seconds' time,but this is just
the beginning...Uh-uh. Come on, now,
you can't go.Uh-uh. Come on, now,
you can't go.You got to call them back.I'm not going to do this
with you,Jasmine.I've got to report
to El Toro.But you said you was
on leave for the 4th.Yeah, well,
they canceled it!Look, why are you
acting like this?Why?That's why.Look...I really don't thinkthey flew 90 billion
light yearsto come down here
and start a fightand get all rowdy.Look, why don't you
just relax?I'm going to report
to El Toroand find out
what's going on.[Dylan Imitating
Engine Running]What are you doing
in there, man?Nothing.
I'm just driving.[Imitating Engine]Honk honk!Look. Here,
I got these for you.Firecrackers.Now, you be careful.Steve, wait.I want to tell you
something.What is it,Jasmine?You take care
of yourself, you hear?Look, um...why don't you get
some things packed,and you and Dylan come stay
with me on the base.And you will see thatthere is nothing
to be scared of.Really?You don't mind?Well, I mean, uh...We'll have to let all
my other girlfriends knowthat they can't
come over, you know,and got to postpone
a little freaky-deaky.There you go.There he goes,
thinking you all that.But you are notas charming as you
think you are, sir.Yes, I am.Them big ol' Dumbo ears.Well, look at you
with them chicken legs.Baw-caw.Come on, Dylan,
honey.[Shouting And Screaming]Look out!
Look out!- What?
- Hey!The television saidthey started
the looting already.Vultures.You still have
the Plymouth?You want
to borrow the car?David, you don't
have a license.You're driving.Yeah, I'm driv--I'm driving?Come on, come on.I really want you
out of Los Angeles.You're staying there
to keep people calm.It's the right
thing to do.I'm not going to let them
criticize you for it.I appreciate your
trying to help me.Liar. Stick
to the truth.It's what
you're good at.All right.
I'll tell you the truth.I don't want you in
any one of those cities.[Sigh]I'll leave as soon as
the interviews are done.All right. There's
a helicopter waiting.They're going to take
you to Nellis.Marilyn: And the munchkin?She's going
to meet you there.All right.I love you.I love you.Bye.TV: Communication
attempts in 30 languagesover all common frequencies
have failed.Bye.Julius:
It's the White House,for crying out loud.You can't just drive up
and ring a bell.Can't this thing
go any faster?What, you think they don't
know what you know?They know.
Believe me, they know.She works for the president.They know everything.They don't know this.Oh, oh. You're going
to educate them, huh?So tell me something.You're so smart,how come you spend
eight years at M.I.T.to become a cable
repairman?All I'm saying is
they got peoplewho handle these things,
David.They want HBO,
they'll call you.Look at these people.
Look. Huh?Vultures.They take,
and then they go.Yeah. They're going.They're going faster
than we are.Look at this.
We're in the fast lane.They're cutting me
off here.No one's cutting you off.
We're going to get a ticket.They're getting
in front of me.I can't go any faster.All right. All right.
I don't want to argue.Let's just get there
as quickly as possible.What's the rush?You think we'll
get to Washington,it won't be there?Newscaster On TV:
A local crop dusterwas arrested todayas he papered city hall
with leaflets from the air.Everybody's
leaving.TV: Can you give us
some of your time?Do you want to make
a statement?We've got to stop them!I was kidnapped by space
aliens 10 years ago.They did all kinds
of experiments on me.They've been studying us
for years,finding out our weaknesses.We've gotta stop them!They're gonna kill us all!Newscaster: Some peopleattribute his
eccentric behaviorto post-traumatic
stress syndromefrom his service
as a pilot in Vietnam.Others, however,
have a more unusual theory.How would you
describe Mr. Casse?- Private.
- Keeps to himself.- Real quiet.
- Quiet.When they took him up
in the spaceship,the aliens abused him...sexually.Newscaster: Mr. Casse is
in the county lockupthis evening...Pack up.
We're leaving.TV: Due to extenuating
circumstances,he may be released
later tonight.Miguel, what about Dad?This could be our
last night on Earth.You don't want
to die a virgin...do you?Come on. We're going.No. I'm not
going anywhere.Miguel!Stop it!Thanks a lot, partner.You read my mind!Stay here.We got to get as far away
from these things as we can.They let you out?You're damn right.They got bigger fish
to fry now,believe you me.Come on, boy.We're leavin'...without you.We're going to live
with Uncle Hector in Tucson.[Scoffs]Ha ha ha ha! Hector?Like hell you are.I'm still your father.No, you're not.You're just the man
who married my mother.You're nothin' to me.Oh.Oh...Well, what about Troy?Troy?Yeah.For once in your life,why don't you think about
what's best for him?Just who in the hell
has to beg for moneyto buy him medicine when you
screw up, huh?! Who?! Who?!You stop it right now!I'm not a baby anymore!And I don't want
your stupid medicine,'cause I'm
so sick of medicine!Do you know what
this stuff costs?Do you want
to get sick again?Do you?TV: Once again, the L.A.P.D.
is asking Los AngelenosTV: Once again, the L.A.P.D.
is asking Los Angelenosnot to fire their guns
at the visitor spacecraft.You may inadvertently
trigger an interstellar war.Think we can find
something betterto do with our time,
gentlemen?Where you been, Stevie?Man, this
is unbelievable.This is, like, huge.They've recalled
everybody.Oh. Well, looks like
the mail's still working.Oh. Oh, oh.Uh, you got to do
the honors for me, man.You're a wuss.Yeah, whatever.
Shut up and read it.It says..." Captain
Steven Hiller,"loser." United States
Marine Corps..."Blah blah blah
blah blah blah." We regret to inform youthat despite your excellent
record of service...''I'm sorry, man.You know what
you need to do?You need to, like,
kiss some serious bootyto get ahead
in this world, man.That's what I'm
trying to tell you.See, I like
the one-knee approachbecause it puts
the booty, like,right in front
of the lips--[Clatter]What's this?- That's nothing.
- Hold on.Hold on, man.
What is this?Jasmine kind of has
a thing for dolphins.I don't know.Stevie, this is
a wedding ring.I thought you said
you were goingto break the whole
thing off.Yeah...Man, you know I really
likeJasmine.You know that, right?Man, you're never goingto get to fly
the Space Shuttleif you marry a stripper.[Exotic Music
Playing Loudly]Barry Nolan On TV:..." it could only happen
in California" file,here's Wendy Walsh
with a special report.Wendy Walsh: Below us,we can see hundreds
of UFO fanaticswho have gathered
on rooftopshere
in downtown Los Angelesto welcome
the new arrivals.Oh, God! I hope
they bring back Elvis!I just came in to get
my check tonight,and I got talked
into working.Oh, I must have
been tripping.TV: It's being calledthe party event
of the century,and everyone is invited,
especially you know who.This is so cool.Girl, please.Oh, hey. I made it
before I came in tonight.Check it out.Now I know you're notthinking about
joining those idiots.Oh, I am going over there
as soon as I get off.You want to come?Tiffany,
listen to me a sec.I have got a really
bad feeling about this.I don't want you to go.Oh, like the really
bad feeling you gotwhen I went to Las Vegas?Yeah, and I was right.
You didn't get the job,and you lost
all your money gambling.Yeah, but I wasn't in L.A.
for the earthquake.Tiff, I really don't
want you to go up there.Now promise me
you won't.Oh.Come on, girl,
promise me.I promise.OK.Look...I'm goin'.I'm out of town
for a while.Later.Bye.Hey, there's my angel.
Come on.Come on, Boomer.
Let's go, y'all.Hey. Come on. Talk
to your boyfriend later.Hey, what the hell is the kid
doin' here, huh--Oh!You try finding
a sitter today.Hey, where do you think
you're goin'?You leave, you're fired.Nice workin'
with ya, Mario.Come on, Boomer.Everyone in the worldis trying to get out
of Washington.We're the only schmucks
trying to get in.Radio:...should establish
some line of communication.What the hell is that?Pops, this is every
phone book in America.You think an important
person like Constanceis going to be listed?She always keeps
her portable phonelisted for emergencies.Sometimes it's just
her first initial.Sometimes it's her nickname.Sometimes it's just her--Oy, my God!Hey, hey, hey!
Slow it down!Tell them!Where are they going,
all these people?!- Stop!
- Tell them! Tell them!Slow it down![Screeching Tires
And Honking Horns]Oh! Oh! Oh!Slow it down!
Watch out, boy!All right! We made it!
We made it!My goodness.Nice driving, Pops.Well...So, not listed, huh?No, no. I just
haven't found it yet.Um...I tried C. Spano
and Connie Spano...Spunky Spano...Spunky?College nickname.Ah...cute.You try Levinson?No. She didn't take my name
when we were married.Uh, why would she--
What are you talking about?Try it.It isn't here. Look.Uh-huh. So what
do I know, hmm?[Angry Shouting][Police Radio Traffic][Demonstrators Chanting]So...you want
to ring the bellor should I?[Busy Signal][Gasps]Hmm?Oh, perfect.
She's using it.Perfect. What's perfect?
It's busy.Yeah. I can use her
signal to triangulateto triangulate her exact position
in the White House.You can do that?Yeah.All cable repairmen
can, Pops.John McLaughlin On TV:
The visitors have arrived,but the president remains
at the White House.Question: Are Mr. Whitmore's
actions A--ultra brave...[Ringing]or B--foolhardy?What?David: Now,
don't hang up, sweetie.David. How did you
get this number?Do me a favor.
Walk to the window.And I'm looking for what?You'll see.Over here.See us?We're here.How does he
do that?Reporter: Reporting live
from Andrews Air Force Basejust outside
Washington, D.C...Yes, that's right, Tom,
an amazing moment.We're reporting from
Andrews Air Force Base...Now in light of our
apparent inabilityto communicate
with the visitors,Pentagon officialshave retrofit
this skylift helicopterwith a type of visual
communications device.Mr. President.Be seated.TV: This is not
a military aircraft...Where are we now?They're just
commencing liftoff.Reporter:...and refittedwith these enormous
light panels that areattached to the hull
and onto the sides.Pilot: Echo One,Welcome Wagon
is in the air.I repeat.
Welcome Wagon is in the air.Ground Control:
Roger, Welcome Wagon.Echo One
right beside you.This is somethingI would never believe
in my lifetime,that I would be
in the White House.Look at this.If I knew I was going
to meet the president,I would have
worn a tie.I mean, look at me.
I look like a schlemiel.You look fine, Pops.Oy, my God.David, I don't know how happy
he's going to be to see you.That's right.
I'm telling you,we're wasting time.He's not going
to listen to me.We should go.Why wouldn't
he listen?'Cause last time
I saw him,we, uh, we got
into a fight.You walked in the roomand punched him in the head.You punched
the president?He wasn't
the president then.I punched him,
he fought back.We wrestled around.
It was a fight.A fight
that you started,because David thought that
I was having an affair.With the president?Which, of course,
I wasn't.You know, either
go get him,or we should head
back to the car.All right. I'll get him.
You wait here,and don't touch anything.You punched the president?Mein Gott!Nearing point of contact,
Echo One.We're closing in.Echo One: Roger that.You're a go to commence
sequence when ready.This I like.Look at this.You know what famous people
have been here, hmm? Hmm?Politicians, actors...baseball players, singers...and now me.Imagine that. Look,
a poor immigrant like me.- It's a dream!
- Shh! Shh!David, please!TV: The three choppers
are steadily approachingwhat has been unanimously
agreed to bethe front
of these spaceships,a parabolic indentation
9 city blocks...You're leaving now?[Door Closes]David, see if they
got those pensthat they give away.Dad, what?I don't have time
for this.- Two minutes, Tom.
- Connie--Mr. President.Julius Levinson.
David is my son.I told you
he wouldn't listen.David, you have
to tell him.Connie.David, tell him!Uh, I know why we have
satellite disruption.All right. Go ahead.OK.Um...Let's say that you want to
coordinate with spaceshipson different sides
of the Earth.You couldn't send
a direct signal, right?You're talking about
line of sight.Yeah, that's right.
Exactly.The curve of the Earth
prevents it.You'd need satellites
to relay that signalin order to reach
each ship.Well, I found a signalhidden inside our own
satellite system.[Door Opens]Excuse me, Mr. President.They're starting.They're using our own
satellites against us...and the clock is ticking.Bringing it in to hover.Welcome Wagon,
Echo One.Approaching
alien ship.Initiating communications
sequence, Echo One.Welcome Wagon
has commenced.General Grey, coordinate
with the Atlantic Command.Tell them to evacuate
as many peopleout of the cities
as they can.Yes, sir.Get those helicopters
away from the ship.Call them back
immediately.What the hell's going on?We're leaving.
Kim, my daughter.Uh, there's something
happening here.They're responding.Pilot:
Something's opening.TV: Something
is happening.It looks like there's some
kind of activity here.This may be some type
of response, Echo One.Echo One: We see it, too.
Can't identify it.We are evacuating.I repeat.We are evacuating
the White House.Load the rest
of the staffin the second
helicopter.Man: Who should we pick?Is my wife
in the air?General Grey:
She will be shortly.Nice. Very nice.OK. Buckle up.
Latch secure.Look, we have
our own phone.Let's move
outta here!The president's
ordered an evacuation.We have to leave now.TV: And our prayers go outto the wives and children
of those brave pilots.Indeed, God help us all.George Putnam:
The visitors respondedwith terrifying...Radio: Authorities
have called fora complete evacuation
of Los Angeles County.People are advisedto avoid the highways
wherever possible.Oh, yeah. Great.
Now he tells me.Helicopter: This isthe Los Angeles
Police Department.Please vacate the premises
immediatelyfor your own safety.Take me!Take me!Can we move it along?[Honk Honk]Woman: Dr. Katz's
office.Hello. Let me speak
to Dr. Katz, please.I'm sorry.
He's not available.Listen, for $300 an hour,
you can put me throughto his house
in the Hamptons!This is the Los Angeles
Police Department.Please vacate the premises
immediatelyPlease vacate the premises
immediatelyfor your own safety.Mrs. Whitmore.You must leave now.[Shouting]First lady secured.
We're on the move.Look!They're opening up!It's so pretty.We gotta get
the hell outta here!Go ahead, pilot. We're ready
to take off right now.Can you get a blanket
for Patricia?Here.Over there?Time's up.Get down!Oh, crap.[Siren Wailing Incessantly][Plane Shaking]Oh, my God.Come on, Dylan.
We gotta go.Come on, Boomer.Boomer!Boomer!Radio: Reports are unclearas to the extent of
the devastation,but, from all accounts,
Los Angeles, Washington,and New York have been
left in ruins...Good God!I been saying it.I been saying it
for 10 damn years.Ain't I been
saying it, Miguel?Huh?
I been saying it.Dad, I'm sick.
I don't feel good.Pull it over, man.[Vomiting]We're going to be
all right, Troy.Leave me alone, man.
I got it.Miguel.Look at all that.We could have evacuated
the cities hours ago.That's the advantage
of being a fighter pilot.In the Gulf War,we knew what
we had to do.It's just...
not simple anymore.A lot of people
died today.[Sigh]How many didn't have to?Any news
on my wife yet?The helicopter never
made it to Nellis.No radio contact.Come on, Dylan.
Stay close.Here it is.What happened, Mommy?I don't know, baby.You men will bethe first wave
in our counterattack.Our target
is to the northcentered above what remains
of downtown Los Angeles...You scared, man?No.You?Nope.We will fix on
our target positions...Hold me.Hey, pay attention.Something you want to
add to this briefing,Captain Hiller?No, sir. I'm just a little
anxious to get up thereand whup E.T.'s ass,
that's all.And you'll get
your chance.You'll all
get your chance.Good hunting.Dismissed.Let's kick the tires
and light the fires,big daddy.Let's bring it home.Let's bring that
bad boy home, Captain.You loose?Yes, sir.You got
your victory dance?Well, I got it
right heeere.Yeah!Hey, hey. Don't get
premature on me, soldier.We don't light up
till the fat lady sings.I'm all ears,
brother.You the man!All right, gentlemen,
we're on.General, it's NORAD.General Grey here.Al?All satellite, microwave,
and ground communicationswith the cities are down.All systems go.We believe we're looking
at a total loss.How about our boys?
Where are they?ETA to target,
four minutes.I shouldn't have
left her.Don't worry about it,
big man.I'm sure she got out of here
before it happened.Or, as the good reverend
would say,[Imitating JesseJackson]" Why we're on this particular
mission we'll never know.But I do know, here today,
that the Black Knightswill emerge victorious
once again.''Amen, man.Amen, Reverend.Holy God.Lock and load.Roger that.Los Angeles
Attack Squadronhas Amraam missiles
locked on target.Washington and New York
squadrons reporting lock on.Fire at will.Fire at will.Fire at will.Command Center: Knights,
we are red and free.Knight 1, Fox 3.Knight 3, Fox 3.Knight 7, Fox 3.Missiles
have been fired.Are they not
getting through?No, sir. Not one.Command, Knight 1.
Command, Knight 1.Switching to sidewinders.
Moving in.Knight 3, Love 50.
Notch reference 1-2-0.Knight 7.
1-2-0.Knight 1.
Sweet luck.Echo, Fox 2.Knight 7, Fox 2.Come on. Come on.They must have some kind
of protective shieldover their hull.Knights!
Pull up! Pull up!Knight 3, pull up!Controls are showing
complete failure of the stats.Pull up!Aah!Blow through!
Blow through!There's so many
of them!Aah!They got
another one, sir.Oh, no. You did not shoot
that green shit at me.I've got you covered,
big daddy.Damn. They got
shields, too.Let's go, Knights.
Move, Knights, move!Aah!Jesus.They got another one, sir.
Two more just went down.They're dropping
like flies.We're losing them.All right. Get them
out of there.Squadron leaders, retreat
to fallback positions.Abort mission right away.
Do you read me?Do you copy?We're going to have to make
a run for this one here.Let's get low.
Let's get fast.I got you, big daddy.
Let's get them.Whoo!Watch the deck.Squadron Leader,
do you read?This isn't happening
fast enough.Get them out of there!What's with the monitor?
Where's the picture?We've lost
the satellite.Steven: We got two R-6,
Jimmy. Check them.Roger.Come on, come on.
Move, move, move!He's on me like white
on rice, big daddy.They ain't got
nothing for us.Let's push it.
We've got to go.I can't shake him.
I can't shake him.Yes, you can.
Just the way I showed you.Check me out. I'm going
to try something.Don't do nothing stupid
over there.You know me.That's what
I'm talking about.Jimmy, what are you doing?
You can't bank at that speed.Jimmy, he's closing on you!Put your mask back on!
That's an order!I can't breathe!Jimmy!Jimmy!Jimmy! No!That's affirmative.
We have incoming.Let me have it, son.You got it.Friendly?Sergeant?I don't think so.[Alarm Sounds]Go! Go! Go! Go!Come on and get me!
Come and get me!Oh, what are you
shooting at?Where you at, baby?
Come on! Come on!Aw, you can't hit nothing!Aah!Ha! Ha!Whoa! Low bridge!See if you can fly
that thing undercover.Ha ha. Hope you got
an air bag.Whoa!Aah! Unh![Gasping]Aah! Unh!Son of a bitch.Aah!That's right!
That's right!Get off of me!
Get off of me!That's what you get!Ha ha!
Look at you!Ship all banged up!Who's the man?Huh? Who's the man?Wait until I get
another plane!I'm lining all your friends
up right beside you!Where you at, huh?Huh? Where you at?Welcome to Earth.Now, that's what I call
a close encounter.Baby,
stay right here.Stay right here
with Boomer.Keys.Come on. Keys.Yes!Come on, baby.
Come on.Come on.Yes!Radio: Reports indicate
that this battlehas repeated itself
all over the worldwith the exact
same results.You're just like your
mother, you know that?She was stubborn, too.Had to twist her armto get her
to take her medicine.You're gonna
be all right.You're gonna be fine.See, Troy? You're
feeling better already.I couldn't find anything.Everyone's packing up.
They're leaving.They said there's a spaceship
heading this way.We'd better leave,
too, then.[Knocking]Penicillin.At least it'll help
keep his fever down.Oh, thank you.It's really nice
of you to help us.I wish I could do more,
but we're moving out.I-I'm going with you.Um...Well, I--I just--I mean, that--that
we're going, too.Cool.Tell that punk to shut
the door. We're outta here.Go sniff around
somewhere else.- Bye.
- Bye.Uhh...It's Air Force One,
for crying out loud.Still he gets sick.Oh, boy.
I don't feel so good.Look at me, huh?
Like a rock.Could be bad weather,
could be good weather.It doesn't matter.We could go up.
We could go down.We can go back.
We can go forward.We can go
side to side--What'd I say?He still
gets airsick, huh?Yeah.Julius, with
all of this, I, uh...I didn't get a chance
to thank you two.All he could think of
was getting to you.There's still love there,
I think.Love was never
our problem." All you need is love."John Lennon.Smart man.Shot in the back.
Very sad.We've moved
as many of our forcesaway from our bases
as possible,but we've already
sustained heavy losses.I spoke with the joint chiefs
when they arrived at NORAD.They agree we must launch
a counteroffensivewith a full
nuclear strike.Over American soil?You're saying,
at this point,we should sacrifice
more innocentAmerican civilians?
Is that right?Sir, if we don't
strike soonthere may not be much
of an America left to defend.Sir, they've
taken out NORAD.What?It's gone, sir.My God.The vice president,
joint chiefs.Mr. President,we must launch.A delay now
would be more costlythan when you waited
to evacuate the cities.No, no. You're not going
to launch nuclear weapons.You're going to kill them
and us at the same time.If we fire nukes,then everybody else
is going to fire them.You are a guest here.Ever hear of
nuclear winter?It's the end of life
as we know it.Do you hear what
they're talking about?Don't even think
about it.I don't have to go.It can't be allowed.Shut up! Captain,
get him out of here!Hey, don't tell him
to shut up!You'd all be dead now
if it wasn't for my David.None of you did anything
to prevent this.There was nothing
we could do.We were totally
unprepared for this.Aw! Don't give me
unprepared.Come on,Julius.It was in the 1950s.
You had that spaceship.David: Dad.Julius: Yeah, that thing
that you found in New Mexico.Dad, no.
Not the spaceship.Roswell.
Roswell, New Mexico. Yeah.You had the spaceship,
and you had the bodies.They were all
locked up in a bunker.Where was that?David?
In Area 51, right?Area 51.You knew then,
and you did nothing.Sir, regardless of whatyou may have read
in the tabloids,there have never been
any spacecraftrecovered
by our government.Take my word for it,
there's no Area 51.There's no
recovered spaceship.Uh, excuse me,
Mr. President?That's not
entirely accurate.What? Which part?Hold on, everybody!
Hold on!Sorry.The end hath come!He spaketh His word,
and the end hath come!Hop on!We're heading out
to El Toro.You cannot defy
what hath come.It is the end![Sobbing]El Toro?!Jasmine: Can you
give me a hand?Yeah, sure.Oh, my God.[Boomer Barks]OK, OK. Let's--
Let's get this off.Here. Let me help you.She's hurt
pretty badly.You know, this was supposed
to be my weekend off.But no.You got me out here
dragging your heavy assthrough
the burning desert,with your dreadlockssticking out the back
of my parachute.You've got to come down here
with an attitude,acting all big and bad.And what the hell
is that smell?!Aah!I could've been
at a barbecue!But I ain't mad.It's all right.That is all right.Hey!Hey!Hey!Hey!You need a lift,
soldier?When I flew overhead,I saw a base
not too far from here.It ain't on the map.Trust me. It's there.Ten-hut!Mr. President.
General.Welcome to Area 51.Please follow me.We're now 2 4 floors
beneath the surface,and here's our main
research facility.Let's see it.I'm sorry, sir.
It's a clean room.We have to keep it
static-free.If we'll all
go to decontamination--Open the door.Yes, sir.My God. Why the hell wasn't
I told about this place?Two words,
Mr. President:plausible
deniability.I don't understand.Where does all this
come from?How do you get funding
for something like this?You don't actually thinkthey spend $20,000
on a hammer,$30,000 on a toilet seat,
do you?Mr. President,
this is Dr. Okun.He's been heading up
the research departmenton this project
for the last 15 years.How do you do.Mr. President.Wow.This--
What a pleasure.As you can imagine,they don't let us
out much.I can understand that.Well, I guess
you'd like to seethe big tamale, huh?Follow me.[Assistant
Enters Code]She's a beaut,
ain't she?Dr. Okun: As you can see
from the repairs,we've been trying
to put her back togethersince the late 1960s.Don't tell meyou've had this
for 40 years,and you don't know
anything about them?Oh, hell, no. No, no.We know tons about them.But the neatest stuff--
the neatest stuffhas only happened
in the last few days.See, we can't duplicate
their type of power,so we've never been able
to experiment.But since these guys
started showing up,all the little gizmos
inside turned on.The last 2 4 hours have
been really exciting.Exciting?
People are dying out there.I don't think " exciting"is the word I'd choose
to describe it.You guys are hoping
to fly this thing, huh?You said you can repair
their technology.Can you tell us anything
useful about them?Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.Well, I mean,they're not all that
dissimilar from us.Breathes oxygen.Comparable tolerances
to heat, cold.Probably why
they're interestedin our planet.Hey.Hey.You guys
want to see them?Hmm?This is--
This is the vault,or as some of us have
come to call it," The Freak Show."Ha ha ha ha ha." The--"When we found them,they were wearing some sort
of biomechanical suits,but once we got them off,we learned a great deal
about their anatomy.Eyes, ears,
no vocal chords.We're assuming they
communicate with each otherthrough some other means.You're obviously
not thinking abouthand signals
and body language.It's
some kind ofextrasensory
perception.Telepathy.So...It's an organic life form.Can they be killed?Their bodies are
just as frail as ours.These two
died in the crash.This one,
a few weeks later.You just--You have to get through
their technology,which is,
I'm sorry to say,far more advanced.David, you unlocked
part of that technology.You cracked the code.Oh, no, no.All I did was stumble
onto their signal.I don't know
how helpful I can be.Why don't you show them
what you've discovered so far,figure out what they haven't
thought of yet,and we'll seeif you're as smart
as we all hope you are.What code?Captain Steven Hiller,United States
Marine Corps.I'm sorry, Captain.
This is a restricted area.I can't let you pass
without clearance.OK. Come here.You want to see
my clearance?Maybe I'll just leave
this here with you.Let them pass.Let them pass.Get the hell
out of the way.Did you see that?Come on down.Come on down.Watch your step.Well, obviously, this cockpit
was designed to seat three,though how they sat on that,
I don't know.David: Gently.Uh, you see
these gizmos flashing?Yeah.We've been working
around the clocktrying to get a fix
on all this crap.Some stuff we
figured out right away.Uh, this,
we're pretty sure,is the life support
system for the cabin.[Coughs] And, uh,this doohickey
is connected to--Oh...Well, it wasconnected
to the engine.Here.
Take that, will ya?Uh, these configurations,
uh...Well, to be honest,we--we--we don't know
what the hell this crap is.But this is
clearly what they useto guide and navigate
their craft.Ha ha. Neat, huh?That's very good.
Somebody grab my laptop there?Dr. Isaacs, can I just have
the computer inside there?See these patterns here?
They're repeating sequentially,just like
their countdown signal.They're using that frequency
for computer communications.Huh?See? That's how they're
coordinating their ships.Huh. Ya know...you're really starting
to make us look bad.They got one!They got one alive!They got one. Alive.Jesus! Look, will you
be OK by yourself, Dave?Fine, Dr. Okun.Yeah--Uh, don't
touch anything.Why is he always telling me
not to touch anything?Yeah. There.Oh...that's why.Right here. We got her
in the back of the pickup.How you doin', sir.Captain Steven Hiller,
United States Marine Corps.Guess who's comin'
to dinner.I need a doctor!I need a doctor!Oh, boy.Oh, boy.How long has it been
unconscious?About three hours.Let's get him into
containment, stat.My son, he's very sick.He needs immediate
attention.He's drying out.I want him sprayed
down with saline.He has a problem with his
adrenal cortex.Please!If you don't do something
about it right now,my son will die!OK!Just help him!OK. O'Haver, Miller,
you come with us.You take us to him,
OK?Let's go.OK. Move it!
Move it! Move it!As the former head
of the C.I.A.,you knew about this place.When were you planning on
informing the rest of us?It had been deemed
classified.You should have
told us about thiswhen they first arrived.You should have warned usbefore we launched
a counterattackthat cost us the lives of
hundreds of American pilots!There was no waywe could have known
that our fighterswould have been
that ineffectiveagainst their attackers.Mr. President.Commander #2: The little bit
of information that we havecomes directly into
this room, Mr. President.Atlanta, Chicago,
and Philadelphia...destroyed.We've learned that NATOand Western Allied
Installationswere the first
to be taken out.Then we were hit.They knew exactly
where and how to hit us.Whitmore:
And our forces?General Grey:
We're down to 15%.If you calculate
the time it takesto destroy a city
and move on,we're looking at
the worldwide destructionof every major city...in the next 36 hours.We're being exterminated.Mitchell:
Mr. President.This is
Captain Steven Hiller.Captain.Mr. President.Well done.Where is it now?We have it isolateddown in the containment
lab, sir.I'd like to go see it.General, I'm really anxious
to get back to El Toro.Hasn't anyone told you?El Toro has been
completely destroyed.Oh, no.We were lucky.[Chuckles]Today was the first time
I used the subway.Thank God
for the metro rail.These should last us
a while.Don't move.
I'll get it for you.Stay still.He's your son?He's my angel.Was his father
stationed here?Nah, he, uh...he wasn't his father.But I was kind of hopinghe wanted the job,
though.So what do you do
for a living?I'm a dancer.Ah.Ballet?No.Exotic.Oh.Sorry.Don't be.I'm not.It's good money.Besides,my baby's worth it.Dylan.Come here.I want you to meet
the first lady.Ohh.Hello.Hi.I didn't know
that you'd recognized me.Well, I didn't want
to say nothing.I voted for
the other guy.All right,life support
monitors recording.So if we screw up,
it's all on tape.OK, come on, come on.Let's get this biomechanical
suit off him.Put the spreader
right here.Right along
the ridge.Microprobe thingamajig
goes right here,pick there. Good.All right, now spread it
very, very gently.Let me get in.Uh-huh.Gentle, gentle.
That's it.That's right...easy.[Nervous Laughter]All right. OK.Let's proceed.Now comes the, uh,the really icky part.Ugh.Oh, boy.This is one smelly,disgusting...Oh, look at it.It doesn't look alive,
does it?Med Assistant:
The arm is moving.[High-pitched Whirring]Aah!Doctor!Aah!Aah!Doctor! Doctor![Shouting]Get it off!Don't move!
Don't move!Help me! Help me!Aah![Alarm Sounds]Aah!Open up that door!My God!Dr. Okun.[Strangled Voice]
Release...me.Open the door.
Get him out of there.No, wait.Release me.Now!I know there is muchwe can learn
from each otherif we can negotiate
a truce.We can find a way
to coexist.Can there be a peace
between us?Peace?No peace.What is it
you want us to do?Die.Die...Uh! Uh!Uh! Aah!Mr. President...Is that glass
bulletproof?No, sir.Ah!General Grey:
Are you all right?I saw his thoughts.I saw what
they're planning to do.They're like locusts.They're moving
from planet to planet,their
whole civilization.After they've consumed
every natural resource,they move on.And we're next.[Alien Shrieking]Nuke 'em.Let's nuke the bastards.Just my luck.
No ice.I take it you've heard.Hey, a toast.To the end
of the world.He didn't come to
this decision lightly.He didn't have
any other choice.Yeah.You still believe in him.Yeah. Well,
he's a good man.Whoa...ha ha.He better be.You left me for him.Or, you know,
for your...career.You know, it wasn't
just my...career.It was the biggest
opportunity of my life.I wanted my life
to make a difference.I wanted my life
to mean something.Yeah, and, um,
hmm,I wasn't, um...ambitious enough
for you?David, you could have done
anything that you wanted.Research,development--Oh, honey, I was
happy where I was.Haven't you ever wantedto be part of something
special?I was part
of something special.Well, if it makes
any difference,I never stopped
loving you.But that wasn't enough,
was it?Soldier: Let's pick it up,
men.We're on a tight schedule,
now. Let's go.Let's pick it up, men.We're working on
a tight schedule. Let's go!Pick it up, man!
Pick it up!What the hell
are you doing?Get out of there!Look, I got something
I got to handle.I'm just borrowing it.No, you're not, sir.Do you really
want to shoot me?Just tell them
I hit you.Command,
this is Retel Op.The squadron
is in the air.We are on station and
awaiting instructions.Roger. Break formation,
head to targets.Sir...they're breaking formation.Mr. President,
we're initiating sequence code.Commander #2:
Verification,Alpha Zulu 6-8-9er.Which city will be
reached first?Houston, Texas.ETA six minutes
and counting down.Houston.The major cities
have been deserted.Civilian casualties should
be down to a minimum.Tank Commander: Command,
this is Neighborhood Watch.We are in position.Tracking monitors
are locked on.We are going
to visual recon.Tank Commander #2
On Radio: Roger that, TCW.They have confirmation.Launch code confirmed.Alpha Zulu 6-8-9er.Standing by.Laser targeting.Locked on.We're locked on, sir.Do you wish to deploy?Mr. President,
if you wish to deploy,the time is now.Mr. President.Deploy.That's a go.Alpha Zulu 6-8-9er,
that is a go.Here we go.Bird's away.We have visual confirmation
of the missile.It's on target...approaching...May our children
forgive us.5 seconds to impact.3...2...1...Oh, yeah, it's a hit![Sighs]Lock it down!I said lock it down!Can I confirm that
the target was destroyed?Get the tank commander
on the line.I want confirmation that
the target was destroyed.Yes, sir. Red Arrow
Alpha 9er 7-2-3,can you read?[Static]Repeat, Commander,
you're breaking up.We have lost visual.Roger that.We're looking
for confirmation.We got the bastards.Yeah! Good job,
everyone.Congratulations.[Applause And Cheering]Commander,
do you have visual?I repeat, we need
visual confirmation.Has the target
been destroyed?Negative.Target remains.I repeat...target remains.Call the other
planes back.One of the bombers
might have more luck.Sir, we shouldn't
just give up on this!I said call them back.Abort.All right, abort mission.Issue the abort codes
right away.This is an abort.
Full abort.Do you read?
Abort mission right away.[Helicopter Whirs]Jasmine?Yes. Yes!You're late.Well, you know I like
to make an entrance.Right this way.Where are we going?Right through there,
sir.Mr. President,your wife is
resting comfortablyat the moment.Great.Perhaps if we had
gotten to her earlier--Hey, there she is.
Go on.She doesn't look too good.Your wife is
bleeding internally,Mr. President.
Perhaps if we'dgotten to her
earlier--Wait a minute.
What are you saying?We can't stop
the bleeding.If we'd...There's nothing
we can do for her.Patricia: We were worried.We didn't know
where you were.I didn't know
where I was either.You got bigger,
I think.I did?Mm-hmm.Just keep growing
and growing.I can't...Hey.Can you, uh, wait outside
for a little bitso Mom can get a rest?Hey.
Come on, munchkin.[Moans]I'm so sorry
that I didn't come homewhen you asked me to.Ohh...Ohh...It's OK.The doctors...think that you're...gonna be just fine.Liar.[Speaking Softly]Is Mommy sleeping now?Yeah...Mommy's sleeping.Hey.[Crash]David!What the hell
are you doing?I'm making a mess!Yeah, this I can see.We gotta burn
the rain forest,dump toxic waste,pollute the air,
and rip up the ozone,'cause maybe if wescrew this planet up
enough...they won't want it
anymore.Wait, wait, wait.
David, David!Don't do this
to yourself.Listen to me.Are you listening
to me?Everyone loses faithat some point
in their life.David, look at myself.I haven't spoken to God
since your mother died.Yes.But see, sometimes,we have to remember
what we still have.Like what?Well...you still have
your health.Come on, David, David.
You need your rest.Come on. Get off
this freezing concrete floorbefore you catch cold.Come on.What did you just say?You mean about faith?Well, you see,a man can live
his entire life--After that.
The other part.What? What?I don't want you
to catch cold.Duh!What is that?What's the matter
with you?Genius.Genius?My dad--a total genius.Jim, wake up.We got work to do.Get everybody down here
right away.What?Look at that.Wow! Does that thingreally fly
in outer space?It most certainly does.Sure doesn't
look like it.Hey,
they're here.All right, Connie,
what's this all about?I have no idea.Get everybody
off of it.All right, everybody,
clear the platform.Let's go.
Come on, come on.Major Mitchell,do you have
a pistol?- What?
- You got a gun?Sergeant,
your sidearm.See that, uh, Coke canon top of
the alien craft?Think you can
shoot that thing off?Do it. Shoot it.Sir?Go ahead.[Cocks Gun][Bullet Ricocheting]Steven: What the hell
are you doing?I'm sorry. My fault.My fault.That Coke can was protected
by the craft's shield,and we can't penetrate
their defenses.We know that already.
What's your point?Right. My point is,if we can't beat
their defenses,then we gotta
get around them.Major, one more time.
Anytime.[Takes Deep Breath]How did you
do that?I gave it a cold.I gave it a virus.A computer virus.Are you telling usyou can send out
a signalthat will disable
all their shields?That's right.Just like they used
our satellites against us,we can use their own
signal against them.If we plant a virus
into that mother ship,it's gonna then filter downinto all the corresponding
ships below.I--I'm sorry.
I don't understand.Just how, exactly,do we infect
the mother shipwith this virus?Well...we're going to, uh...have to, um, ahem,fly their alien craft
out of our atmosphereand dock with it.We can enter here,as shown in these
satellite photos.We then upload the virus.We then set off
some kind of explosion,which will disable it,and that'll disorient
the smaller ships below,and that could buy,
I think, at least some timeto, uh...to take 'em--take 'em out.Take 'em down.Do your...do your stuff.This is ridiculous.How long would
their shields be down?Uh...I don't know.
A matter of minutes.You want us to
coordinatea massive
worldwide counterstrikewith a window
of only a few minutes?With the shields down,
that might be possible.Oh, please.We don't have
the manpoweror the resourcesto launch that kind
of a campaign.Not to mentionthat this whole
cockamamie planis dependent
on a machinethat no one
in this worldis qualified
to operate.I wouldn't say that, sir.I've seen these things
in action,and I'm well aware of their
maneuvering capabilities.With your permission,
General,I'd like the opportunity
to try.That thing
is a wreck.Crash-landed
back in the fifties.We don't even knowif it's capable
of flying.Jim, uh, remove the clamps.[Clicking]Any questions?Let's do it.Mitchell: You heard
the president.Let's get this thing
prepped and ready.Good luck, pilot.Thank you, Mr. President.A virus.Your idea.That's right.You really thinkyou can
fly that thing?You really thinkyou can do all that bullshit
you just said?Hoo.I understand
you are upsetover the death
of your wife,but that's no excusefor making another
fatal mistake.The only mistake
I ever madewas to appoint a sniveling
little weasel like youas secretary of defense.I don't think
you understand--However, that is one mistake
I'm thankful to saythat I don't have to
live with.Mr. President--Mr. Nimziki...you're fired.Let's organize every plane
we can findand get us some
goddamn pilots to fly 'em.Yes, sir.He can't do that.Well, he just, uh...did.Command has attemptedto compile a list
of casualties and losses,but information
is sketchy at best.Well, we know we've lostthe Belgian contingent
in the Sinai.There's a strong
possibilitythere may be
more reinforcementshiding
in the Golan Strait.[Speaking Arabic]What the hell's
he saying?It seems
they're getting a signal.Old Morse code.[Speaking Arabic][Morse Code On Radio]It's from
the Americans.They want to organize
a counteroffensive.It's about bloody time.What do they plan to do?[Speaking Russian][Speaking Japanese]We have confirmed reports
of combat-ready divisionsin Europe, the Middle East,
and Asia.That's impressive,considering it's all
being done with, uh...Morse code.Are our forces here?We have sufficient
aircraftfor the battle plan,
but...But what, General?Pilots are
coming up short.Well, then find 'em.TV: Ham radio operators
from New York toJapantrade rumors of military
forces in hiding,unwilling to reveal themselves
for fear of annihilation...P.A.: What we're planning
at this timeis to launch
a counteroffensive.However,
with our depleted manpower,we're asking that anyonewith any flight experience
come forward.Military training
is preferable,but anyone who can fly
a plane would be useful.I can fly.I'm a pilot.All right, guys,
listen up.Mitchell: All right,
pay close attention.These F-18s
are very differentthan the jets
you've piloted before.It's kind of strong.You'll have to forgive
the expression,but you're about to geta crash course
in modern avionics.Ugh! Keep it coming.
Keep it coming.OK. You got it.All right, listen up.
Before we can begin,we're going
to have to geta little background
informationon your flight experience.Uh, let's start with you.Who, me?Uh...Well, I'm, uh, ahem,
Russell Casse, sir.Um...and, uh,after 'Nam, I, uh,
got into crop-dusting.And, uh, been doing
that ever since.Oh, and on a, uh,
personal note, sir,I'd just like to add
that, uh...ever since I was
kidnapped by aliens10 years ago,I've been dying
for some payback,and I just want you
to know that, uh,I won't let you down.You have one
tactical nuclear missilewe're loading
into this launcherwe're installing
under the right wing.This is
the firing mechanism,to be attached to
the ship's main console.Just like the Amraam
launch pad on the Stealth.Except the nuke will not
detonate at impact.You'll have 30 seconds
to get your assesout of there.Good luck, gentlemen.30 seconds.Tell me. Tell me.It was the strongest
radio transmitterwe could get.
It'll tell uswhen you've uploaded
the virus.30 seconds. Don't you
think that's cutting ita little too close?Oh, we're gonna be well
on our way back homebefore we shoot
that thing off.Why you?David!I don't--Excuse me.I don't understandwhy you can't
show someone elsehow to plant the virus,
someone who is trained--No, no.
Something may go wrong.I may have
to think quickly,adjust the signal.Who knows?Hey, you know how,
like, I'm always tryingto save the planet?Here's my chance.Now he gets ambitious.It's too tight.It's too tight.Well,
I had to borrow it.Let me see. OK. I guess
that's good enough.So, how do I look?Oh, thank you.
You're a lot of help.You're late.Well, you know me.I know. You like
to make a big entrance.Let me help you.Um, listen...before we do this,I just want to say
I'm sorry.Sorry for what,
babe?I should have done this
a long time ago.Do you have the ring?Uh, yes, sir.Here. Make yourself useful.
[Pat Pat]Ow.Witnesses?- Uh...
- Um...Sorry.
We got hung up.Well, let's get this show
on the road.Dearly beloved,we're gathered here
in the sight of Godand in the presence
of these witnessesto join this man
and this womanin holy matrimony.Any person who can show
good causewhy these two
should not wed,please speak now, or forever
hold your peace.Steve, will you take this woman
to be your wedded wife,to live together with herin the holy state
of matrimony?Will you love her,
comfort her,honor and keep her
in sickness and in health?And, forsaking all others,
keep yourself only for heras long as you
both shall live?I will.Whew.Good morning.They're a little young.That they are.They look
a little nervous.I'm gonna need
all flight crewsto report to their
designated areas immediately.Major, can I borrow that?Sir.Good morning.[Feedback]Good morning.In less than an hour,
aircraft from herewill join others
from around the world,and you will be launching
the largest aerial battlein the history of mankind.Mankind. That word
should have new meaningfor all of us today.We can't be consumedby our petty differences
anymore.We will be united
in our common interests.Perhaps it's fate that today
is the 4th ofJuly,and you will once again be
fighting for our freedom...not from tyranny, oppression,
or persecution...but from annihilation.We are fighting
for our right to live.To exist.And should we win the day...the Fourth ofJuly
will no longer be knownas an American holiday...but as the day when the world
declared in one voice,we will not go quietly
into the night!We will not vanish
without a fight!We're going to live on!We're going to survive!Today we celebrate
our independence day![Cheering]Let's go!Mr. President,
right this way, sir.We got your gear over here.I got a jumpsuit for you,and the rest of your gear's
squared away in this duffel.You got your choice
of helmets.Mr. President,
I'd sure like to knowwhat you're doing.I'm a combat pilot,
Will.I belong in the air.OK, sir.
Let's get you airborne.Right over here.You know,
as soon as I get back,we're gonna light
those fireworks, right?Julius: Here.Take these.Just in case.Where's--Where's, um...Just in case.I'm very proud of you.So be careful, OK?It's time.I love you.I love you.Oh, damn!Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait.We got to find
some cigars.Here! Here!Take these.My last two.You are a lifesaver.Almost put a hex
on the whole damn thing.Computer: Missile launched.Oh, crap!What--What did I hit?I picked a hell of a day
to quit drinking.This is
our victory dance.Not until
the fat lady sings.Oh! Yes. OK.This is important.Mm. Fat lady.I gotcha.Open launch tunnel.Shaky, huh?Is it gonna do this
the whole way?Is it gonna do this
the whole way?Just make sureyour seat backs
and tray tablesare in their upright
and locked position.Yeah--Is it?Let's rock 'n' roll.Oh!Aah![Steven Chuckles]Oops.Oops? What does that mean?What do you mean--Nah. I--I got it.Some jerk didn't
put the...I know what I mean
when I say it.What do you mean
saying " oops" there?What do you say we try
that one again, huh?Yes, yes.Yes,
without the " oops."There's the...thataway.- Oof!
- Ooh...- Whaa...Hoo!
- Aah...Oh!I have got to get me
one of these!No--No. What was that?
Don't do that.Just trying to get
a feel for the old girl,that's all.Oh, no--no, don't.
Leave her alone.Look! No hands.Steve!Ha ha ha ha!You're all secured, sir.Grey, do you read me?Roger, Eagle One.Your primary target
has shifted course.Which way are they headed?I think our secret's out.
They're headed straight for us.ETA 26 minutes.[Groaning]Still with me
over there?What the hell
was I thinking?[Groaning]I've been waiting
for this my whole life.Head straight for it.[Whoosh]What the hell...Don't touch them!
No, no, don't!I was counting on this.They are bringing us in.When the hell was you
gonna tell me?Oops.We're going
to have to workon our communication.We have visual.Do not engage
until we've confirmedthe package
has been delivered.Roger.Major, what happensif--if that thing
gets here...before the virus
is planted?Well, ma'am,this facility's buried
deep within the mountain.It should provide us
some protection.Great. What about
the people outside?Lieutenant Sayle,
we got incoming.Oh, my God.Look at that.There must be
thousands of them,millions of them.What the hell
are they doing?Looks like they're
preparing an invasion.Hey, I don't like this.This is stupid.
They can see us!Oh, no, no, no.This thing comes
fully loaded.AM-FM radio, reclining
bucket seats, and...power windows.Come on, baby.Come on, baby.[Sigh Of Relief]We're in.Oh.[David Muttering]Oh, do it. Do it.Do it.Sir, he's uploading
the virus.Sir, he's uploading
the virus.Eagle One, the package
is being delivered.Stand by to engage.Roger. Eagle One.
Check left.Hey, listen up.We have
an emergency situation.We need everyone to grab
everything they can.Only what you can carry.We need to get you inside
immediately.The virus is in.All we can do now
is...pray.Delivery complete.
Engage.Delivery complete.
It's a go. It's a go.Eagle One. Fox Three.Gentlemen, this is it.Come on. Come on.
Come on.God.Virus ineffective.
Disengage.Get your people
out of there.Commander: Disengage.
Rear flank, follow suit.Whitmore: Hold on,
Command.I want another
shot at it.Sir, I strongly recommend
you disengage.Eagle One.Fox Three.Direct hit!Commander: Squadron leaders,
fire at will! Fire at will!Fire at will!We're going in.
Squadron leaders, take point.Eagle Six at seven.Eagle Five at three.Eagle One...Fox Two!Eagle 20. Fox Two!Evasive maneuvers!Squadron leaders,
evasive maneuvers!Prepare to engage!Casse: All right,
Mr. President, here we go!All right, baby,
I've got you.Casse: Payback's a bitch,
ain't it?OK,job's done.
Let's go home.Gladly.What's up?We're stuck.What?It's not responding.
It's stuck.Then try again.Come on! Come on!Steve! Steve!Hey, what the hell
are you doing?It's not me.They're overriding
the system.Oh...shit!Um...hide.Everybody hold
someone's hand.Hold hands!Come on in.[Praying In Hebrew]I'm notJewish.Nobody's perfect.[Praying]God!Where are they?[Explosions Outside]This could be our
last night on Earth.I--I don't want
to die a virgin.If we do...we'll both die virgins.But at least
we'll be together.[Big Explosion]Are you scared?Me, too.Eagle Seven. Fox Two.Eagle Three. Fox Two.We're running
out of missiles, sir.We're just not
causing enough damage.It's settling
directly over us.They're preparing to fire
their primary weapon!Then let's take it out
before it takes us out.Target at 12 o'clock.My God,
they're everywhere.Bandits on our tail!
They're locked on!I see 'em!All right, squadron leaders,
I want weapons check.[Giving Instructions]You're outta time!You've gotta disable
it now!I'm in range.
Locking on.I've got tone.
Eagle One. Fox Two!That is a negative impact.That is an N.I.
Negative impact.I'm out of missiles.
Eagle Two!I'm on it.Oh! Oh!Jesus!Sir, all missiles
have been fired.You're out of time!Get your ass
out of there!We're not done yet!Get as far away
as you can!Doesn't anyone have
any missiles left?Russell: Sorry I'm late,
Mr. President!Kinda got hung up
back there.Pilot, you armed?Armed and ready, sir.I'm packin'.Who is that guy?Put him
on speaker.Pilot,
identify yourself.It's me. Russell Casse, sir.I told you I wouldn't
let you down.Just keep those guys off me
for a few more seconds,will ya?Commander: OK.
Echo-9er, Echo-7.Take flanking positions.I want you to look
after this guy.All right, boys, let's
give Mr. Casse some cover.Gentlemen...
let's plow the road!We'll draw 'em off,
and it'll be all yours!Russell: Whoa-hoo!
Look out! Comin' through!I've got tone.[Beeping]Eagle 20. Fox Two.Eagle 20. Fox Two.It's jammed!It won't fire.Damn it!Do me a favor.Tell my children...I love them very much.All right,
you alien assholes!In the words of
my generation...up yours!Dad!
What's he doing?Russell: Come on, baby!Come on, baby! Come on!Good luck, buddy.[Russell Laughs]Hello, boys!I'm back!He did it!The son of a bitch did it!All right!What your father did
was very brave.You should be
proud of him.I am.Now we know how
to take them out, General.Spread the word.Get on the wireto every squadron
around the world.Tell 'em how to bring
those sons of bitches down.What do you think?Checkmate.Wow, it's funny.I always thought
that things like thesewould kill me.[Opens Lighter]Thank you.It's been a pleasure.Steve, you, too.There's only one thing
left to do.There's only one thing
left to do.Ready?Yes, sir.Hey! All right!Hey, hey!Look at us!Take a look
at the Earthlings.Good-bye!Y'all take care,
all right?Nothin' but love
for ya.Do you think
they have any cluewhat's about
to happen to 'em?Oh, not a chance
in hell.Good night.[Static][Laughing]Peace!Ohh!We're loose.Can you get us
out of herein 30 seconds?I ain't heard
no fat lady!Forget the fat lady.You're obsessed with
the fat lady.Drive us outta here.Ohh! They're
chasing us.Oh, really? You think?Oh, that was a hit.
I took a hit.We're not hit!
We're not hit!Stop side-seat driving.Left, left.
Tunnel, tunnel.Exit, exit. Left!Where the hell
do you think I'm going?Ok, we-we-we're, uh...Uh-oh, they're
closing up on us.Is that closing?Shut up! Shut up!
Shut up!Must go faster.
Must go faster.- Go, go, go, go!
- Aaaaahh!Aaaaahh!Aah!Elvis has left
the building![Imitating Elvis]
Thank you very much.Ohh!
I love you, man.[Cheering][Cheering][Cheering And Applause]They're going down
all over the world, Tom.We got 'em beat.How about our two
delivery boys?Any word from them?We lost contactwith Captain Hiller
and Levinsonnearly 20 minutes
ago.Commander #1:
Hold it!Hold on, sir.I've got something
on radar.Sorry, sir.Good job.Thank you.Well done, Captain.Yes, sir.
Thank you, sir.David...not bad.Thank you,
Mr. President.Not too bad at all.Oh, so this is healthy?Oh, I could
get used to it.Happy 4th ofJuly,
Daddy.Same to you,
munchkin.Didn't I promise you
fireworks?Yeah.Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/4u95g
Help other users to choose the best subtitles