Subtitle edited by - <font color="#ffff00">Aorion</font> -
"Jason Bourne (2016)" ^ (Run time 02:03:09)I remember.I remember everything.Captain Webb.
Good morningHas everything been explalined to you?Yes, sir.When we are finished with you,
you will no longer be David Webb.I'll be whoever you need me to be, sir.You knew exaclty what
it meant for youif you chose to stay.You can't outrun what you did, Jason.You made yourself and
know who you are.Eventually you're gonna
have to face the fact.You volunteered.Oh no.
My god!TSAMANTAS, GREECE
ON THE GREEK-ALBANIAN BORDERVasily, come.
You're first up.10 on the Serbian!20 on the Serb!10 on the Russian!REYKJAVIK, ICELANDChristian Dassault made a reservation.Come on, get in.Use SQL to corrupt their databases...<font color="#80ffff">DUBNA 48k</font>CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
LANGLEY, VIRGINIAThe Washington Post
Langlet Crisis - Loss of confidence in the CIA
Senate intelligence committee probes agency's readinessrun predictive algorithmALEPPO
SYRIAHeather Lee.Ma'am we have a device.Issued to a stay behind team in
Novosibirsk, Rassia in 1993.Marked on our inventory as destroyed.It's knocking on our front door.<font color="#80ffff">Black Operations</font>Copy to USB Drive<font color="#80ffff">Downloading "Black Operations" folder to: USB Drive</font><font color="#80ffff">10 - TREADSTONE</font>What's the status?Whoever it is,
is just sitting there, idle.<font color="#ff8080">DUBNA 48k</font> ->->-  C.I.A. Main ServerMove!<font color="#ff8080">SYSTEM BREACH</font>They found a back-door.We need the reverse shell.
I'm going to locate the source.I'm working on it.Okay, people, we have a major breach
in our classified main-frame.Drop everything you're doing
and get on it, right now.WEBB, RICHARDSPOUSE NAME: MARY WEBB
SON:               DAVID WEBBTREADSTONE PROGRAM
WEBB, DAVIDMa'am, I'm sending you the shell.Got it.Got an IP.Unknown user.
Monitoring.Reykjavik.IP Trace Complete- Sakov's hacking camp.
- Kill the power to the building.- Get into that power grid, now.
- Yes, sir.Download 77%Warning
<font color="#ff8080">EXTERNAL TRACE DETECTED</font>- I've got the power to the building.
- Standby.- 10 seconds.
- We got vid now.Get on top of it.Accessing the grid.- Shut it down.
- Copy that. Shutting it down.You still online?MCLEAN, VIRGINIADIRECTOR  CIA
EYES ONLYDewey.We've just been hacked.How badly?Could be worse than Snowden.- Is there any attribution?
- We're working on it.Lee says it must be someone with
a deep knowledge of our systems.This could affect Deep Dream
and Iron Hand.I want a briefing.In my conference room
in one hour.DEEP DREAM CORPORATION
SILICON VALLLEY, CALIFORNIA- Did you get confirmation?
- Yeah, there was a hack.So are we exposed?We don't know yet.
We're checking.I want you to call Dewey,
set up a meeting this evening.- Aaron, we have a lot at stake here.
Maybe we should run a probe.
- Just do it.Hey, George,
are we ready for the launch?IntelBase<font color="#ff8080">FLAGGED: KNOWN DEVICE</font>
Dubna 48kView recent activitySORT RECENT ACTIVITY
- Date OrderChristian
DASSAULTKnightrider - 2 hours agoKnightrider
BELIEVED FEMALE, EARLY THIRTIES
Active 2009 - Present<font color="#80ff80">MATCH</font>NICKY PARSONS - TREADSTONE PROGRAM<font color="#ff8080">- LINKED TO JASON BOURNE</font>Heather, you know the
Director of National Intelligence.Heather Lee, Cyber Ops, sir.Have you got a name for us?Our hacker was a
former Agency operative.Believed to be working with
Christian Dassault,  and ...previously linked to
Jason Bourne.Bourne?Jesus Christ.What did they get?Black ops files, from TreadStone,
all the way to Iron Hand.Iron Hand?That's not even operational yet,
for Christ's sakes.Where is Nicky Parsons right now?On the move.She left Reykjavik traveling
through Bucharest to Athens.Feels like a meet to me.How are you going to handle it?We cut the head off this thing.Sir, I'd like to be point
on this operation.You're not indoctrinated
for this material.I'm already into it.I embedded malware into
Parsons' download.When those files are opened,
I can trace them.Let me in.I'll deliver Parsons, the files,And if he's out there,
I'll give you Bourne, too.Excuse me.I appreciate you enthusiasm.But...Do not push your personal
agenda to the DNI again.Understood.Alright, I think you can help me.I'm going to give you full
operational control on this.And I'll assure that you have access
to any relevant teams and resources.And I want to know
every move you make.Yes, sir.Thank you very much, sir.ROME, ITALYYeah.I need your help now.I'm not finished here.Jason Bourne is in play.Where?Athens, close your accout in Rome.Understood.No. No.
No.No, no.ATHENS, GREECESYNTAGMA SQUARE KIOSK
1 HOURWe got a hit from a CC TV feed.
Parsons boarded a bus half-hour agoheaded west across Athens.
I got two local teams en route.- Any sign of Bourne?
- Not so far.He's involved in this somehow,
I can feel it.Upload all Athens data on feeds.Activate real time processing.Copy that.Where are we?Carson's bus has just
arrived at Syntayma Square.There's a demonstration in front
of the Greek parliament building.I think she'll use it as cover.Deploy Alpha and Bravo to the square.Recon for Parsons in the
crowd outside the Parliament,and any possible rendezvous points.Copy that, sir.Sir, the asset has landed.Alpha Team arriving now.Copy that.I have the Alpha Team feed.Pull them up.ALPHA 1 CAMAthens police are reporting tactical
teams moving on the demonstrators.Isolate all social media
posts from the Square.Yes, ma'am.Rewind Alpha 1's feed.Yes, ma'am.
20 seconds.What's wrong?I hacked into the Agency.For Christian Dassault.I got all the black ops files,
we're putting them online.We need to move.Stop.2 seconds forward.
Blonde hair.Enhance.Find her.I told you, Christian Dassault
is going to get you killed.We don't have a choice, Jason.It's started again.
A new program.Iron Hand.
It's even worse than before.What's that got to do with me?Because it matters.
It matters.Not too me, it doesn't.All that matters
is staying alive.You get off the grid.
Survive.I don't believe that,
and neither do you.Look at yourself.Look at what you're doing.You can't live like
this for much longer.Jason, I came here
because I found something.I found your father's name
in the Treadstone files.He was an analyst.
He wasn't in operations.He wasn't near
any of that stuff.I'm telling you what I saw.It looked like he was
involved directly.And there's more.
More about you.What do you mean?Before you joined the program,
they were watching you.Watching me?You've tortured yourself
for a long time now, Jason.You tortured yourself
for what you've done.But you don't know the truth
about what they did to you.You need to read those files.Move.
They tracked you.Alpha 1 has eyes on two targets.
One female, one male.- Identify the male.
- Copy that, sir.Alpha 1.
We need an ID on the male target.You gotta get out of here before the
police cut off this part of the city.Head north.Meet me at the Statue of Athena.I'll take them with me.That's him.Now.Stay with Bourne.Clear to engage the target.Copy.Alpha team, stay with the male.
You are clear to engage.Come on.Sir, Alpha Team comms are down.We've lost him, sir.
He's taken them out.Find Parsons! He'll
come back to get her.Sir, the rioting is spreading.
The Greek government is declaring a State of Emergency.Bravo team, you'll be targeting Parsons.We got her.BRAVO 1 CAMSplit the team,
put her in a box.A suspect matcting Bourne's description
has stole a police motorcycle.He's coming for Parsons.- Where the hell is the asset?
- 2 minutes out, sir.- Parsons is at the statue of Athena.
- Copy that.Bravo Team is down.Sir, the asset is arriving on scene.- Pull up the dash cam.
- Copy.Give me the feed in
direct comm to the Asset.Engaging targets.I'm accessing Athens police tactical data.I need eyes overhead.Bring up the satellite's sweep.Sir, I'm showing a Misty and
a KH-12 satellite available.- Connect to 12.
- Yes, sir.Satellite video feed is online.<font color="#ff8080">Barricades Detected</font>Police have blocked
the road to the north.The target will be
forced to turn left.Another barricade in 200 meters.
Target turning left again.Bourne's heading for the alley.Left at top of the hill.Stairway, up the hill
Heading east.Give me a strike point.He's found a way out.200 meters to your left.
19 Solomou.Get to the roof.Target should pass
within your line-of-sight.19 Solomou, copy.Focus the satellite on these coordinates.And give me a lock on the
motorcycle when it gets there.Copy that.I've got the targets.
They're approaching Emmanouil and Fidiou.- Look west.
- The long boulevard.Coming at you in 55 seconds.Copy that.- The asset is online.Targets with you in 15 seconds.5 seconds.Contact.Stay low!Find a shot.Hold on!Where's Bourne?Ma'am, a police helicopter has spotted
3 bodies on the roof near the asset.A tactical team is on it's way.Nicky!Don't move!Athens police has entered the building.Asset, you need to
get out of there.Negative.We don't even know
if Bourne's alive.You want to lose this guy?This is Director Dewey,
you have 20 seconds.Hold on, Nicky.I'm going to get you to cover.No.No.No.
Don't.I'm coming.- Get a location on Christian Dassault.
- Yes, sir.If he was working with Nikky Parsons,
he will lead us to Jason Bourne.And let me know if you
get a hit on that malware.Sir, can I clarify one thing.Yeah.Does the asset know Bourne?Why would you ask me that?His behavior on the roof-top.It suggested a connection.The last time Bourne came back,
he exposed the Black Briar program.It compromised active operations.The asset was in Syria, undercover.He was captured, tortured.And it took 2 damn
years to get him out.So you think that's why Bourne
wants the files to go public again?I have no idea
why he came back.But whatever he's doing,
he wants to destroy us.We can't let that happen.So you give me a call,
as soon as you hear anything.Yes, sir.ENCRYPTEDTREADSTONE  --->  IRONHAND
RICHARD WEBB INVOLVED.TREADSTONE  --->  IRONHAND
RICHARD WEBB INVOLVED.JB UNDER SURVEILLANCEDASSAULT
1,0D 4,3D 5,6 BER10 43 56 BERKollwitzplatz 49, 28764 BerlinAnd now the founder and chairman
of Deep Dream, Aaron Kalloor.Hi.You all know why you're here.
We're going to be unveiling a new platform.We think it is a bold new step, to
allow us to serve our community better.We're a community right now that's
trascending national boundaries, andI think we're at 1.5 billion users.In a nutshell. As you know we
have an ecosystem ofhundreds of thousands
of apps at this point.And what this new platform
will do will be to integrateuser's data and preferences,and use that information,
to enrich and tailor-makeeach unique user experience, in a
way that is frankly, unprecedented.Now, I can see some journalists' pens
twitching and ready to ask about privacy.- Yeah.
- Yeah.Uh. This is a concern of many
people, and so it should be.This is something that matters
to us, and let me just sayI understand nobody wants to feel
like they're being watchedSo let just tell you, when you come to
Deep Dream, when you use our service.No one will be watching you.- Mr. Kalloor.
- Right this way, sir.Enjoy your meal?Thank you.Congratulations.I hear you stock-holders were very
happy with the new platform.And I heard you got hacked.We're dealing with it.This changes everything.
There's too much risk.I'm out.Aaron.You are an extraordinary gifted
and perceptive young man.When you agreed to help us it was because
you understood the very grave threats...Do you have any idea the shit-storm
I'll have on my hands if this arrangement becomes public?I've already took a hit with Snowden,
and you want more?Our enemies have become
much more sophisticated.Gathering meta-data is
no longer adequate.We need a backdoor into
your new platform,and a way past the encryptions.And when that's not enough,
you'll want something new.You don't get it, do you?Privacy is... is freedom.Oh I mean, that's something you
should think about defending.You little prick, you didn't
believe in privacy or freedomwhen we funded your start up
that turned you into a billionaire.I have paid you back many,
many, many times over.And I was never comfortable
with any of this.I'm out.I'm done selling
out our customers.Yet you would sell
out your country.The truth is,we wouldn't be having this
conversation if you didn't feelpersonally at risk.You talk about a free internet, you tell
yourself you're saving the world,But all you're doing is making it
a much more dangerous place.And you sure as hell making this country
much more difficult to defend.And you're sure as hell
accountable for that, Aaron.Accountable.BERLIN, GERMANYBerlin Hauptbahnhof
(main railway station in Berlin, Germany)Dr. Albert Hirsch
CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICERTREADSTONE PROGRAM
ASSET BEHAVIOR ANALYSISTREADSTONE ASSET: JASON BOURNE
Evaluation of Behavior PatternsBourne?Everything on the table.Open it.Sure.<font color="#ff8080">MAL281 ACTIVE</font>
Kollwitzplatz 49
28764 Berlin, GermanyBourne's surfaced.In Berlin.Get the Berlin team up.Where is she?She is dead.She knew the risks.I warned her.She made a choice.You exploited her.Berlin team is mobile.What do we have
on the location?It's an address linked
to Christian Dassault.- Anything on Bourne?
- Nothing yet.I'm accessing CCTV now.Sir, I've been thinking.Maybe we got this wrong?What if he's not coming for us?What if it's something else?You don't have any idea
who you're dealing with.FILES DECRYPTEDWe should work together more.You exposed the Blackbriar program.We both are after the same thing, right?We both want to take down the corrupt
institutions that control society.I'm not on your side.10 - TREADSTONECCTV feed is online.He's on a computer.We have to stop this.If he puts those files online,operations will be compromised,
and people will die.Yes, sir.At least when you're done
leave me the files.These programs have to be exposed.People have a right to know.TREADSTONE PROGRAM
A PROPOSAL TO COMBAT EXTRAORDINARY THREATS
AGAINST THE UNITED STATESRichard WebWe need that computer.CELL PHONE
IP ACCESS POSSIBLEThere's a phone in the room.I can use it to
delete the files.Treadstone Operatives
All Treadstone operatives will be trained to be
the leading capable assassins.jason bourne recruitment historyCELL PHONE
REMOTE STATUS - - -
ACCESSING PHONE...CELL PHONE
REMOTE STATUS - - -
ACCESS CONFIRMED - LINK COMPLETE- Got the phone.
- Where's that team?5 minutes out, sir.We're almost out of time,
get to him.Listen to me, David...I've done something.Something...That came at a cost.One day you'll understand why.I got to get back
to Washington.I love you, son.They're fighting, sir.One more firewall.malcolm smith surveillance47859 WHARF ROAD. STE. 1829
PADDINGTON BASIN
LONDON WC2Files deleted, sir.Call in.Bourne, my name is Heather Lee.I'm not in charge here.I wasn't here when
you went missing.I can see you're going through
the old Treadstone files.Were you tracing you history?I know you're looking for something.Let me help you find it.Give me that phone.Yes, sir.Jason, this is Robert Dewey.
Do you remember me?Jason, your Dad was a patriot.He could see the threats that
America was facing, and like youhe chose to serve his country
out of a profound sense of duty.He would not want to see
you harm the Agency.And you have to stop this.And you have to stop it now.Sir, we're ETA...(2 minutes.)TEAM ARRIVING
YOU HAVE 2 MINSHe's on the move, get ready.Take point.On it!The elevator.We lost him, sir.Malcom Smith, contract-only,
based out of LondonRan all of Tradestone's surveillance in
the late 90s, when Bourne was recruited.Is he still active?He's private security now.Contact the asset and tell him I want
him on the ground in London in 6 hours.I think that could be a mistake, sir.A mitake, why?There's an argument for catching Bourne,
instead of killing him.Alright, let's hear it.Bourne's been off the
grid for a long time.He's been hiding in the shadows.
He's seen things.He knows things that could help us.Bringing him back in,
is the smart move.And how are we going to do that?Albert Herchtz wrote a psych evaluation
when Bourne left the program.He concluded Bourne
is still a patriot at heart.And that leaving the program
could come back to haunt him.And what are you suggesting?I watched Bourne with those files.Desperately looking into his past and...I think he's at a tipping point.If I could get
face to face with him.I think I can bring him back in.One attempt.And if it fails,you do what you have to.Well, it makes sense to me.
What do you think, Bob?Let's give it a shot.Alright, do it.Bring Bourne in.Or tie it off.- This ends now.
- Thank you, sir.Sir, I'm sorry.Oh, no.
Don't worry about that.Better get some sleep, kid.You got a long 24 hours
ahead of you.Yes, sir.It's taking too long, it shouldn't still
be buggy this close to launch.Well, I don't think it's buggy.
I think we've changed some thingsthat's gonna change the parameters,
we're going to have to go and...Okay, then we need
to change them back.- Amanda, can we get that note over to Kyle?
- Absolutely.Look, I don't... I...
I think you're right.- I just don't think we want the...
- I'm tired of this.Mr. Kalloor.What the hell is this?Mr. Kalloor, my name is John Barros.I'm from the Department of Justice.And I'm hereby serving you
with the enclosed complaint- issued by the US government.
- Really, you have to do this in public?against Deep Dream Corporation
for violation of the Sherman Act.This complaint requires you to preserve all
personal and corporate financial records.Pending anti-trust motions
to be filed in Federal Court.Good day.- This is Dewey.
- Aaron.It's a message.And maybe we should think about what
we're doing before it gets any worse.So, you think if we give him
what he wants, it will end there.I'm just saying that
maybe we should listen.I want you to pull up all the records
of all the meetings I've had with Dewey.All the records?Even the off the books discussions?Especially, those...I'm going to Vegas,
I need an insurance policy.CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
Press ReleasesNew Cyber Division Head Appointed
Heather Lee joins us from..."I'm choosing the CIA because I think
I can make a real difference there"
- Heather LeeYeah.You in London?Yes.Why are you sending her?She serves a purpose.I work alone.Not this time.Don't make this personal.Bourne betrayed us.It's always been personal.You know who you're dealing with.You better make sure you're ready.Yeah?There's something you should
know about Deep Dream.But I need an assurance...that I have your support.You got it.
What do you have?Kalloor,is planning something,
for Vegas.LONDON, UNITED KINGDOMYes?This is Jason Bourne.I need to talk.What about?I don't work for
the Agency anymore.Paddington Plaza, 15 minutes.Bourne just called Smith.They're meeting at
Paddington Plaza, 15 minutes.We'll tail Smith the whole way.As soon as we get eyes on Bourne,
I'll approach him.Whatever you do stay contain.I don't want the Brits falling
all over this asking questions.Understood.Tracking device.You'll hold on the south
side of the bridge.I'll contact you if I need you.Sure,You're the boss, right?Subject is on the move.
Heading towards the Canal.Alpha Team take a parallel track.Bravo Team, follow the
subject from behind.And keep your eyes
open for Bourne.Bravo Team, tailing subject.Let's go.In 200 meters, make a right.Copy that.Comms check, second channel.
Do you copy?I have you.
Where are you now?Heading towards Smith.No sign of Bourne.Electrical switchroomSubject is turning east.
Into an alley.Alpha Team, that alley leads to a
foot bridge, which will bring him to you.Copy that.Bravo Team is down.Sending you updated route now.You copy that, Smith?Yes.Bravo Team, why aren't you moving?
What's going on?Bravo Team, do you copy?What's happening, Heather,
where's Bravo?We're comms down on Bravo.Alpha Team do you have
eyes on the subject?We have eyes on him.Alpha Team, sitrep.Alpha Team report.What's happening Heather?Alpha Team isn't responding.Bravo?Still nothing.You lost both teams?Get a grip on this operation,
Heather, that's Bourne.Bring out the asset.Sir, I need more time.We have no time.Are you going to give
that order or not?Sir, please.If you're too naive to see the trees,
there's no bringing in Bourne.He has to be put down.And you obviously cannot
do what has to be done.I am taking operational control.Asset, you have a green light.Repeat, you have a
green light on Bourne.Copy that.I'm on my way.ASSETAsset, are you on the move?Asset, your tracking device
says you're stationary.Are you moving?Heather, stay off this channel,
let him do his job.Left tier.
Get to Paddington Plaza fast.Copy that.In position.Locked in.What's going on?What's that noise?Multiple fire alarms.That's Bourne.What do I do?.You stay there and
you do not move.Please proceed to the
nearest available exit.I can't stay here.You can't protect me.I need you to stay
where you are, Smith.You still have line of sight?I'm on him.You're going to shoot him?In the crowd when he is
right next to me?Stay where you are, Smith.You know why he's here.He wants answers.You've lost this thing.I got to get out of here.Shit!What the hell is going on?Bourne's got Smith.Go after them.
I'll come around and cut them off.Smith, I know you're with Bourne.You have to find a way to
let us know where you are.Why are you taking me in here?They got to be near the Plaza.Jesus, Bourne.God damn it.Take it easy.Richard Webb.- Station Chief, Beirut.He was my father,
he started Treadstone.- He hired you to put me
under survellaince, why?
- Jesus.Why did he hire you?Don't say anything, Smith.No.
No.There's no sign of them.What do you want us to do?Work you way down the Canal.I'll circle around and meet you there.You followed my to Beirut.The last time I saw my father!Why would he have you follow me?It doesn't make any sense.
Why?Don't give him a god damn thing.Why?Jesus Christ, Bourne, I'm falling.Bourne, please!I can hear them.Beirut!I went there to tell him
that Treadstone had approached me.But if it was his program,
why didn't he say anything to me?I've done something.Something...that came at a cost.That was the day he was killed.They said he was killed by terrorists.He wasn't killed by terrorists, was he?Think about your family's safety, Smith,
and keep your mouth shut.The next bullet is in your head!Why was he killed?Why?He was killed because of you.Your father,
he wasn't in operations.He didn't know we've chosen you.
When he found out, he...He threatened to expose the program.He didn't want you
turned into a killer.Who killed him?Who killed him?Don't do it.Where is he?He's almost there.We're going to stop this now.Please.God!
Someone call an ambulance!- Someone help.
- What's happened?He went off the roof.
5 floors.He recognized me.I'm going to make sure
it's finished.The cops are coming now.Mate, don't get up, mate.Step aside, please.
Step aside.- Move it!
- Everybody step back.- Please back off.
- Step back.Did anybody see what happened?- He's gone.
- Oh, shit.I'm going after him.I'll work my way
down the canal.No.
You're done in London.What are you talking about?There's another play to be made.Now that he knows what we did,
he'll come for both of us.And that could be the
opportunity for something else.This isn't about revenge.Yes, it is.And it won't be done
till one of us is dead.Get to the airport.We have a problem with Iron Hand.Copy that.Give me a sitrep.We've got nothing.Keep looking.Drive.It wasn't supposed to go
like this, I wanted to talk.Where is Dewey going?He's going to Vegas to speak with
Aaron Kalloor at the cyber convention.The Agency recruits there every year.What's Iron Hand?Dewey's new black ops program.Full sprectrum surveillance.Watching everyone all the time.Dewey needs Kalloor's
cooperation to bring it online.Let me out.I can help you get there.Why would you do that?You and I have different reasons,
but we both want Dewey gone.Here, take this.I'll see you in Vegas.LAS VEGAS, NEVADASir.We're pinning Kalloor's hit on a
fictional Jihadi shooter.A 20 year old Iraqi national.We created bank accounts,
travel documents, emails, phone records.- He'll look like a lone wolf.
- Any physical evidence?The asset leaves the gun, it'll
have the Iraqi's prints on it.Russell doesn't need
to know about this.I understand sir.Any news on Bourne.Nothing.He was always
going to come for me.Well, if it happens,
we'll deal with it.U.S. Air Security &
Border Protection- search Christopher Michaels1 result returned- modify clearanceWhat was the purpose of your
visit to London, Mr. Michaels?Business.Facial Recognition - PROCESSING
Passport Status    - PROCESSINGEXPEDITEWelcome home, sir.Thank you,Sir, we have a secure room
for you, right upstairs.EXOCON 2016- Enjoy your stay.
- Thank you.Hi, welcome to the Aria.- Heather Lee, checking in.
- Okay.NORTH ELEVATORS - 10 MINSWe have you in a lovely sky suite,
number 2016.Enjoy your stay.Thank you.There!
There he is!Aaron!
- Aaron!- Alright, Aaron!
- Aaron!Find Lee.Tell her I want to see
her before we go onstage.Yes, sir.I want agents posted backstage
as well as the auditorium.Yes, sir.Aaron!Coming through, make a hole.Make a hole.
Make a hole.Stop.Hi, guys.Hi, how's it going?
Aaron.Nice to meet you.You got one for me.REAL TIME PERSONNEL
LOCATION TRACKING- Thank you.
- Really appreciated.COVERT CAMERAJeffers:
DIRECTOR WANTS TO SEE YOUSEWER STSTEM
LAS VEGAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKSYeah.You all set?Checking the departure route now.You won't have much time.They won't know
where it came from.I'll have enough time.After you take care of Kalloor,
I'll be standing left hand at my side.You put a bullet in it.It's better if I'm a target too.Copy that.Lee.The Director wants a word
before you go onstage.Of course.TRACKINGJohn, ID.LEFT POCKET FOR DEWEYHeather.My protege,
and strongest supporter,You know, after what happened
in London,I did not know
what to do with you.I suppose we'll just uh...Write it off to your
learning curve.I'd appreciate that.At least you can now see
that you never had a chance.When Bourne turns up again,I'll deal with him.Do you understand?Of course.I agree completely.When we get onstage,
I'll handle all the policy questions.Throw everything technical to you.- I'll be ready, sir.
- Okay, let's do this.Badges?Aaron.Robert.You know Heather Lee.Yeah, we went to Stanford together.Well. How are you enjoying
life at the Agency?Challenging, but fulfilling.It's tough to stick to all
your principles over there?My principles are just fine, thanks.Gentlemen, we're ready for you.
Follow me, please.I'm going to enjoy this.So am I.Thank you, sir.DEEP
DREAMOh. Hi!
How's everyone doing tonight?Welcome.Welcome.Welcome to tonight's EXOCON symposium.We are so lucky to have 4
fantastic guests this evening.The CIA Director,
Robert Dewey is here.And a dear friend of mine,
and an old friend of EXOCON,the CEO of social media giant,
Deep Dream, Aaron Kalloor is here.Tonight.Policing a free internet.Personal rights vs Public safety.This is the great question
of our time.And the choices we make about
this will determine our future.So let's just dive right in, okay?Come on out here, guys!Sir, you got an incoming message.High priority.Alright guys, I'm going
to have to take this.I'll catch up with you later.Go ahead.- Thank you.
- Good morning.It appears Director Dewey
is held up momentarily,and I'm being told that
it shouldn't be too much longer.But we have a ton of stuff to get
into tonight, so we can start anyway.Uh Brad, can I say a few words?- Excuse me?
- Can I get the ball rolling?Oh sure, man.
By all means.Ladies and gentlemen, Aaron Kalloor.Aaron!Thank you.
Thanks a lot.Thanks a lot.Thanks Brad and ExoCon
for having us back.And to you guys turning out.Before the Director
comes out to join us,I just wanted to share a
few words with you guys.A long time ago,
I had this idea.Copy that.Facial recognition got a hit.Bourne was on a B.A. flight
from Heathrow to Vegas.It landed 2 hours ago.How the hell did he
get through immigration?Someone issued him an Agency
security clearance on his passport.Well it turned out to be
a pretty popular idea.People from around the world
started using our service.SOMETHING's WRONGWell, first off.This has all made me a lot
more rich than it's probably...When I come onstage, take care
of Kalloor and the girl.Copy.What I mean to say is,
you know.All this success has come at a cost.There is a cancer at the
heart of Deep Dream.A guilty secret
and uh...and I have to share it
with all of you guys.The son of a bitch is
about to take us down.Take out Kalloor and
the girl right now.Whoa.
Whoa.- Stay there.
- Okay.When I was starting out,
I...I took money to...
start my company.I made a bargain with
a guy in the dark suit.And now he's come back
to take my soul.I see the shooter!We got eyes on Jason Bourne!He's still breathing,
call an ambulance!Let's go!Sir, we got to go.Head for the exit.This is Vasquez.
We're on Bourne.- Get the cars ready!
- Go!Get the cars ready, right now!No.
Take me to the suite.Sir, we got to get you out of here.
Bourne is on the loose.You heard me.Take me to the suite.Yes, sir.Take him to the suite!
Take him upstairs!Get him upstairs.
Right now! Right now!Up to the suite!Let's go, right now.
Go, go, go, go.Out of the way, federal agent!Vasquez, sitrep.Vasquez, come in.Hey!Okay, we've got him.
Sir, this is Collier.We've IDed the sniper.Shit!We're circulating his photo now.What about Bourne?Hang on.Okay, Bourne is just leaving the west
service corridor heading for the lobby.Copy that.
Stay on Bourne.What?We're still looking for Bourne.And they've IDed the asset.Go back to the first floor and
wait for further instructions.- Yes, sir.
- Copy that.Everybody down!
Right now!Get down!
Move, move, move!Out of the way!
Federal agent, move!Take a team to the northeast elevator.
I'll meet you up there.Bourne's on his way up to you.You took a long time
to get here, Jason.I know about Beirut.I know what you did.It all ends tonight.Be a lot easier
to do it right away.You didn't come here for revenge.You came here because
you know it's time to come in.Your father created the program.Didn't have what it
takes to make it work.And you did.You always did.That's why you volunteered.I volunteered because I thought
our enemies killed him.I volunteered because of a lie.No.
You volunteered because of who you are.You volunteered because
you are Jason Bourne.And not,
David Webb.32 kills, Jason.Every one of them made a difference.People all across this country are
safer because of what you did.Try to find another way.And how's that working out for you?You're never going to
find any peace.Not until you admit to yourself
who you really are.It's time to come in, Jason.It's time to come in.I can't.Not for you.You were never here.You don't have to
go after him.This can stop now.You have a choice.Let's go, have your IDs ready!Have your IDs ready.Let's go.
Have your IDs ready.Come on, guys.
Let's go. Let's go.Go stand at the lobby.Las Vegas police,
ladies and gentlemen.... was spotted in unmarked black Dodge Charger
stolen from in front of the Aria..Forward that ID.- Stop it!
- Don't let it through!Oh my god!Fire!Move out!Move!911, to air units involve, identify.This is Air One, be advised,
suspect vehicles have crashedinto the southeast entrance
of the Riviera.We have an armed suspect heading into
the storm drain, south of the Riviera.You're a traitor.
You've always been a traitor.It's in your blood.- Mr. Kalloor.
- Kalloor.Aaron, what were you going to
tell everyone in the convention?- What are you hiding, Aaron?
- What were you going to tell everyone?Why did somebody try to
assassinate you?Aaron, what's the cancer
at the heart of Deep Dream?It'll be inappropriate to pass
any comment at this stage.But, I look forward to working with the
authorities to find out who is responsible.And in getting back to Deep Dream,
where we can continue our important work.Thank you.Have you been lying to your users?Sir.I wanted to say I'm sorry, sir.About Vegas.Director Dewey's tactics were unwise.Unwise?We're still trying to come up with a
narrative to explain what happened.That son of a bitch put
a spotlight on Iron Hand.On all of us.Kalloor hasn't gone public yet.I know Aaron.There's still moves we
can make with him.Tell me.Dewey's problem was that
he belonged to the past.People like Kalloor are
shaping the future.These are my people.I know how to deal with them.And what do you want?When you appoint a
new Agency DirectorYou're going to need someone
working for your interests.Someone...enpowered... by you.What about Bourne?You still think
you can bring him in?I have his trust.After what we went through.I'll bring him in.I'm certain of it.And if you can't?Then...he'll have to be put down.That's an interesting proposal.You can pull over here.Of course if you decide that
you don't need me, then...That's not a problem.There are many other agencies
that would want what I know.I brought you something.It's a cast from you father's star,
on the Memorial Wall at Langley.Richard Webb
10-20-48I'm sorry for what
happened to you.How you were treated.But the people who
did that are gone.And...things are changing at the Agency.What is it you want?I know you've always been a patriot.And what happens to this
country, matters to you.We need you to help protect us.Come back in.And we'll work together.Let me think about it.How will I find you?You still think
you can bring him in?I have his trust.After what we went through.I'll bring him in.I'm certain of it.And if you can't?Then...he'll have to be put down.Subtitle edited by - <font color="#ffff00">Aorion</font> -