Come on, come on.Where the hell have you been?- Late.
- That I figured.Honey, this is a big deal for me.Well, Hendricks had the keys to the jeep
and I couldn't find the spares.Terrific. Listen, do me a favor act as
if you've been here the whole time.- How do I do that?
- Just look bored.Thank you, Amity High School Band
for that eloquent selection.We're happy once again...Mama, Michael won't talk to me.What are you doing here, tiger?Mrs. Silvera couldn't come.
It's okay. It's okay.And now, this year's Miss Amity,Tina Wilcox......will cut the ribbon, officially
opening this luxurious new hotel.This money tree, you may have noticed,
is donated by Len Peterson,the builder of Amity Shores Condominiums,as a gesture of goodwill
towards the community.Let's hear it for Len.Thank you, Len.$1,500 as a special gift to
the Amity Scholarship Fund.Go ahead, Tina. Cut it.Atta girl.And now the Amity High School
Band once again.Refreshments on the patio, everyone.Oh, boy.Let's go get it.- Brody, how are you?
- Hey, Len, how are you?Hello, Martin.I think it went well.Oh, hell of a speech, Larry.Terrific.
Larry, it was right on the money.Thank you very much, Len.Oh, Len, have you met my son, Larry?- No, no.
- Larry Junior.Uh, Larry, would you
get over here, please?- Don't go away.
- Here we go, Larry.Say hello to Len.- How you doing?
- Hi, Lar.- Hi.
- Hi.Nice lookin' boy.- Thank you.
- Ellen.Honey, would you be a love,
make sure that the bar is openand everyone is taken care of
and happy? Hmm?Happy. Sure.Yes, sir, fantastic lady.Don't know what I would do without her.Really? Neither do I.How old is your cousin?She's 17. She's a senior.I'm not crazy about blind dates.Oh, they're okay if they got
little white canes and tin cups.That's awful.Oh, what the hell.Did your mom put all this together?Yeah, it's her job.Did she make the punch?No.Good. It's terrible.Do you dance?Nope.Me neither.Who you gonna ask next?Tina Wilcox.Ed's girlfriend. You're crazy.It doesn't hurt to ask.Sometimes the most
beautiful girls are the loneliest.That's a crock of shit!I know.Was it the fourth or fifth night
at the Jersey shore?It was the fourth.I thought you wouldn't respect me.I did. I did.Why don't we get outta here?Want to fool around?Why not?You're on.This pipe has more barnacles than you do.What are you doing? I told you...Brush it off to your left.Your other left.Hey, I thought you're
supposed to be off duty.Well, good morning.Till noon. This is on my own time.Hey, Chief?Yeah?You got a gold-plater in the main channel.A big cruiser.Whereabouts?Off the Point. No running lights.Just a diver's flag.Want me to run out there?Yeah, would you?
I can't run this damn thing anyway.Happy to do it.Okay, I'll see you back at the office.
And take the old man of the sea with you.All right, cast off the bowline.And then cast off the stern line.And then cast off the spring line.
Let's go!Look, we're only gonna be here for
a few minutes and then we're goin' out.- Can't I come with you?
- No.- Please?
- He can come with me if he wants.- Yay!
- No!- No yay?
- No yay.Boo, off the boat, brat.Oh, he can help me at least then. Come on.Boo. Big brothers.Hey, Sean, you ever been an anchor before?Come on! Whoa!- Hey, Mike, hi.
- Hi.- Going out right away?
- No.Good. I want you to meet my cousin.Look, don't worry, I'll meet her.
I'll meet her.Okay, Tom, see you later.
Same time Thursday.Hey, Andy! Over here!See you guys later!What do we got? What's the problem?Uh, what isn't?Brooke?Brooke!Jackie, hi!Quick, quick, quick, who's that?
I think I'm in love.Yeah, I hope that's the cousin.Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky!Hey, Tim, did you see the way
she was looking at you?Oh, she wants you, man.No, she wasn't looking at me.What are you saying?
She was staring at you and drooling.No! I'm thin, I wear glasses.I live in Amity Island year 'round.I'm not good enough for her.I guess you're right.Probably wasn't lookin' at you.Oh, Larry, look! Larry, look!- What?
- Look at her!So glad to see you.Oh, hi. Thanks.She's got tits like a sparrow.Do you have to talk like that?What are you, my mother?
Will you undo the jib?- We're all going sailing.
- Sailing?Yeah, come on.
I want you to meet this guy.- Okay.
- He's so cute.Hey, look, I'm walking.Leave him alone!
He's tannin' the soles of his feet.Mike, over here!Douglas!I can't watch the news anymore,I can't watch a ballgame anymore,
I can't even watch a movie!All I hear is that damn
kid and his damn radiogoin', "Breaker, breaker, breaker."Well, listen, I'll do what I can, but
remember it's under federal jurisdiction.Well, call the FBI, will you?Chief Brody, can I talk
to you for a minute?Okay, one at a time, one at a time.Now, you two talk to Miss Polly
and you come with me.Every time it's an out
of state car in my driveway...Now, uh, what's this about Grace Kinney?Her bedroom window faces
my oldest boy's bedroom.And she's teasing him.She's dancing,
dancing around in her towel!Dancing, huh?Oh, Hendricks. Good, right this way.
Excuse us, please.Now I want you to come in here
and check out this 908.What the hell's a 908?I never heard of a 908.908 means get me outta there. What's that?A diver's camera.
Tom Andrews brought it upfrom under the abandoned cruiser.Oh, the abandoned cruiser?A couple of rich guys.
Home is Newport, Rhode Island.You know, if I had a $100,000 boat,
I wouldn't leave it in the Channel.If you had a $100,000 boat,
there'd be an investigation.Very funny.Grace Kinney is driving
my boy to distraction.Dancing. You wanna check
out this dance for me?Dance?Wanna go back up?Now back up, Mike!Mike, it's twisted!Underneath you, Mike.Drop it down now.Are you okay?You okay?Get down, Mike!The weather continues
to be warm and clear.And now back to the music 24 hours a day
from Plymouth, the rock of New England.Wait. Take a break for a minute, okay?Hey, Tina? Where you goin'?Hey!- Eddie, come on, let's go skiing.
- What's up?What?Come on, we can use my uncle's boat.Let's do it next week, all right?God, with you everything is next week!Terry?Terry?Terry?Wow!God!I can't find anyone out here.They must've gone to the bottom
or drifted with the tide.Well, I've got witnesses that say
there was one person in the boatand one person water skiing.I told you, nothing here.Well then, I want you to try dragging.For how long? Current's moving everything
around and it's gonna be dark pretty soon.I don't care. I want you to stay
on it as long as it takes.Ten-four.We heard this noise like a boom, and when
we looked there was this cloud of smoke.That was the explosion.One minute they were having
a wonderful time and the next...And you've no idea what
could have caused this?I don't know what could have done that.Were they off-islanders?I don't know.Can we go now?Chief?Chief Brody, can we go, please?Yes, thank you, Tina.We've been over this a dozen times.I know, I know!How much longer?Until we find something.I'm cold, bored!You're bored?Holy shit!Jesus, this is heavy.Aw, shit, drop it!- Well, what is it?
- Drop it!It's a power line.Aw, terrific!Let me untangle it.We don't want a power blackout
on the island.Let's get outta here
before we do find something.That's your third smoke already.- With coffee.
- Try a doughnut.I want Fruit Loops.Eat Cheerios.You eat Cheerios. I want Fruit Loops.You eat Cheerios.What are you guys up to today?I don't know about him,
but I'm goin' sailing.Again?Well, what else is there to do?How about that job
you were supposed to get?Do I have to?He doesn't really have to.
I mean, this is his vacation.I wonder where I left my date book.Good morning. Everybody up early today?Something going on I shouldn't know about?Lots.Look, this kid is 17.We've talked about him
getting a job before.I know, you're right.I wish you could spend some time
with him. Take a half day off?How can I?
I'm in the middle of a boat accident.I've only got three regular cops
and a secretary.And a deputy who's fallen
in love with the police launch.And here's another one.I mean, what is it about this place?Everybody's a boat freak.It's an island.I'm going.Hold It, wait a minute.I don't want you to go out
too far if it gets rough.We've had a lot of trouble out there.- Okay, I'll see you later.
- I mean, be careful.I'll be careful, I'll be careful.- Tina, come back here.
- Nope!Come on.- Give me my hat!
- Double nope!Come on, Tina!Come back here!I wonder why they decided to move?Too hot in the lighthouse.Too hot for those two? I can't believe it.Yuck!I called you as soon as I heard about this
because I hear the bites are big. Really big.Well, after we've looked, we'll talk.- All right.
- Here it is.Uh, could you move back, please?Could we have a little air?That's right, move back.Please just move back? Thanks.Jesus.What do you think?First things first.Tip of the snout, please.Length? Seven and a half meters.Seven and a half meters.Correct.You better check the bite radius.- The what?
- The shape of the mouth.The whale's mouth?Shark's mouth.What shark?The shark that did this.But we don't know that, do we?That's what we're here to find out.And we will.Now, I can't hear you
if you're going to whisper.111 centimeters.111 centimeters.Sixty-eight.Sixty-eight.I have had some experience with sharks.Oh, have you?Yeah, and I think...I think a great white might've done this.Carcharodon carcharias?Right.What makes you think
there might be one in these waters?Well, it's obvious that...That a big fish took
a bite outta this big fish.This is a mammal, not a fish.Don't quibble with me.
Is it a shark bite or isn't it?Possibly.Then again, this is a killer whale.It would have to be a shark
of considerable size.Look, we know that sharks
are attracted by bloodand thrashing about.And sound.Sound?Sound. Like sonar or radar.They hone in on unusual sounds,
irregular sounds,almost any rhythmic
low-frequency vibration.That means that there could be one around.Not necessarily.These wounds could have been inflicted
15 miles out to sea or more.None of them were immediately fatal.Currents could have carried
the body 10 miles further.We got a hell of a tide this month.Will you just take care
of the crowd, please?Dad?Mr. Hendricks,
will you take this down, please?No more sailing today, okay?
And I'd like you to come back with me.We came out in my boat.Yeah, but Andy'll take it back!- I got a date.
- She'll understand.No, she won't.Mike, for Christ's sakes,
give me a break here, will you?Seventy-two centimeters,
allowing for salt water erosionand subsequent small
predator tissue attacks.It's either a great white
or another killer whale.Well, I'd like to know which.Well, it's impossible for me
to tell when the body's like this.This animal has been ashore for 10 or 12
hours and drifting for a day at least.Every little nibbler in
the sea's taken a bite.I know that dolphins communicate.I mean, they send signals.You don't think that
if a shark was destroyed,that another shark could...
Could come and...Sharks don't take
things personally, Mr. Brody.- Dad, can I please take my...
- No!Hey, look, don't worry about it.I'll take it back and
tie it up at the dock.- Bye, Mike, see you later.
- I'm sorry.It'll be okay, Mike.
I'll see you tomorrow. All right?I appreciate it. Thanks.Larry? Larry, wait a minute.I'm showing summer rentals.I think we have a hell
of a good season going for us.That's swell, Larry,
but I have to talk to you alone.We're alone.I think we may have another shark problem.Are you serious?You bet I'm serious.I've got a half-eaten
whale out on the beach.I've got two persons missing.This whale has got a bite
out of it about this big.Martin, no one has seen
a shark. Be realistic.I think the selectmen
should know about it.I know it's just a feeling,
but you've got to understand.Larry, for Christ sakes,
I not only have this attack,but I've got...
I've got two water skiers who have...A tragedy. But a boating accident.No fin, no sharks,
nothing but a boating accident.But their boat's still missing.We have a lot of deaths
in these waters that never turn up.Are they all shark victims?Maybe they are.Oh, bullshit!Bullshit?Is it bullshit I got a whale on the beach
with a bite in it this big?What am I, an ass?When you called me,
I called Elkins and her bosses.Nothing she saw is proof of anything.So that means we're not
gonna do anything, huh?Martin, don't press it this time.Well, I've got to get back to work.Okay.Okay, Larry, but you just
remember this conversation.You just remember it!Chief?Yeah?Chief? Hi.Missed you at the funeral home.Santos said you'd be here.Yeah. Christ, what a mess.You didn't miss much.Positive ID?Well, we're pretty sure it was the woman
aboard the boat, all right.Yeah?Thank you, operator, just keep trying.Anything new on those two divers?Nothing.I think we ought to keep
sight-seers away from there.Did you take a look
at that stuff in that box?No.How about that camera?Might be something in it.Yeah, right.Why don't you take it over to Fogarty's
and get it developed?I'll do it first thing in the morning.- Why not now?
- It's too late.Christ, I'm late for dinner.Listen, I'm expecting
a long distance call.When it comes through, have them
send it over to the house, all right?Okay, Chief.Yes. Yes, I can hear you.Yes, I will. I'll give him the message.- Thank you.
- All right, now. Look out.- That for me?
- Oh, got it.- Hi, Dad.
- Hi, Dad.Hi, gang.Well, sort of. Matt Hooper.He's on the research vessel Aurora,presently in the Antarctic Ocean, and he
won't be in radio range till next spring.Yeah, I gave him a call.- Got you.
- Your point.Martin?Martin?Yeah?You're a mess. Where were you?I had to go over to Santos',
I dragged a body outta the ocean today.Ugh.Do you have any idea what happened?No, we don't know.Santos seems to think it might be one
of the victims from that boat accident.Do you wanna talk about it?No.Just routine.Okay.Hey, Mike, come here a minute.Yeah? What is it?I've got something for you to do tomorrow.Well, I kind of had plans.What, sailing?Oh, no, forget it. You're grounded.
Beached. That's it.- Hey, come on, Dad.
- I talked to John down at the beach.He's got a job that's gonna last
right till you go back to school.Hey, that's all of summer.I know it's all summer,
but he wanted a job and now he's got one.I want that boat out of the water
by tomorrow night.- Dad, please, can I just take it out...
- By tomorrow night. And I mean it!Now, everybody here?Just about.Okay. Terrific.Now, folks, this is the town beach.Now, the development
naturally has its own private access,but what I wanted you to really
see was the concession area,and take a look at this sand.- It's like sugar.
- It's beautiful.- Hmm?
- It really is.You know, in the summer
time when the sun sets,it goes right down there
and the whole beach looks incredible.It really is.
It can be absolutely breathtaking.I think you'll find this little
bandstand very interesting.And, uh, we take quite
a bit of pride in this.It was built in about...Hello. Selling some more of the good life?Oh, yeah, piece of this, piece of that.It all adds up.Your husband's been here all morning.
What's he doing?His job.Dad's got you working, huh?- Yeah.
- I'm helping.Good.Do you happen to know where your dad is?Yeah, he's up there.Oh, for Christ sake!Well, if you have any questions,any questions at all about
recreational possibilities,our lovely Ellen Brody here will be
only too happy to answer them.Yeah, Len, Len.- Can I speak to you for a minute?
- Sure. Excuse me a moment, please.Okay, anybody have any questions?Larry, I think we've got
a couple of live ones.Brody's riding his tower.Oh, shit!Whoo! Let's go.Let's go faster.You got it, sweetheart!Come on! Whoa!Yeah.This fast enough for you?No, faster!- Faster?
- Faster!Hey, look, there's my dad.Wave. Wave to my son.Good.How the hell do we
get him down from there?Well, maybe nobody noticed.Let's get 'em all back in the van, huh?Yeah, come on.Renee wants to know,
what's that man doing way up there?Man? What man?Oh, he's, uh, watching.
You know, a lookout.For what?It's a shark tower. I saw one in Florida.He's looking for sharks.Excuse me, dear,
it's an observation platform.That's our chief of police,
he's just checking it.That's right.You see, normally it's used
for bird watching, you know?Uh, weather, uh, measurements and, uh,
nature observation, that sort of thing.Ellen, excuse me, uh...Ellen, we're running a little late, Ellen.Well, if we can all get back in the bus,maybe we could show you
the country club and the flower shows.Right. You see, uh,
the country club has...Outta the water! Outta the water now!Everybody out! Get out! Get outta there!Get out! Out of the water!What the hell is that idiot doing?Everybody out!Get outta there! Get out!Everyone out!Out of the water! Get out! Get out!Get outta the water! Get out!Get out! Get out!Get out!It's just blue fish.Blue fish! Geez!
It's a school of blue fish.It's just blue fish!Martin!Ellen, Ellen, Ellen. It's all right.
Leave him alone.Let's not make it worse. Come on.Okay, folks, it's all over. Come on.Let's get back to the truck, all right?
Let's break it up.It's... It's okay. It's just...It's a false alarm!It's all right, go back!Oh, my God.Come on, let's go. It's over.
Break it up. Come on.Polly, no calls now, huh?Fogarty?Okay, put him on.Yeah, Phil.What pictures?You're kidding. I'll be right over.Yeah.This is the Orca.Good lens, too. Fast. One-four, I think.You notice that diffusion over there?Look, Phil, don't jerk me around.
What else have you got?Over here. I exposed
another bunch this morningbut I haven't had a chance
to develop 'em yet.That's it. That's the one.Well, speak of the devil.Martin, this is kind of
an official meeting.Oh, good, I'm glad you're all here.I've got something to
show you. Look at this.Fogarty just developed it.It came out of that camera
from the missing divers.Seaweed?I don't know. What is it?It's underwater, isn't it?
That's why it's so dark.It's nothing I can see.What are you talking about?Look at this. That's a shark!Look at the outline.
Look at the mouth! The eyes!Is that what it is?Sorry, I just don't see it.Neither do I, it's nothing.Martin, it could be anything.Oh, no, no, no. Wait a minute.
Are you people telling meI don't know what a shark looks like?Brody, this is nothing.
Seaweed, mud, something in the lens?- Lens my ass!
- You're dammed right it's your ass!- Now, uh, be reasonable. Please.
- Reasonable with what? With him?God damn it, will you listen to the man?
Will you just listen to him?Be reasonable?Look, Brody, you started
a panic on a public beach.You shot up the damn place!
God knows who you could've injured.Now, what if somebody decides to sue us?
Did you ever stop to think about that?It could ruin us!You don't have to worry about
being sued, or being ruined.If this turns out to be what I think it
is, because there won't be anybody here.- Yeah. Now, Martin, let's not, uh...
- Let's not what? Larry, what?Oh, Jesus. Larry, huh, come on?
Let's just forget it! He won't listen!Now, it's obvious the man
has made up his mind.You bet your life I've made up my mind.But I'm telling you, and I'm telling
everybody at this table that that's a shark!And I know what a shark looks like,
because I've seen one up close.And you'd better do
something about this one,because I don't intend
to go through that hell again!Martin, could you wait here for a minute?- For what?
- Please, just have a seatwhile we look at the picture
and make up our own minds.All right.I'll have a seat.For what it's worth.Thank you.Gentlemen, please.Yeah!Hey, Mike, saw your dad
over at the Town Hall.I know.Hey, did he really freak out
on the town beach?I don't know.Hey, don't worry about them,
it's all bullshit, anyway.Hey, Ellen, you know this is the only dump
in town where the garbage man delivers?Hey, does anybody wanna
go to the lighthouse?Now? At night?Tomorrow. Maybe spend the day?My dad left a couple of cases
of beer in the garage.Is it still there?Well, it's kind of vacationing on my boat.All right!Hey, Mike, you gonna go?Yeah, why not?Because you might be
painting toilets at the beach.Very funny.Hey, are we gonna have a picnic?Yeah. You bring the food.- Mike?
- Hi.I'd like to go to the lighthouse with you.Well, I'm not sure I can go.I'm beached. I'm grounded.
My dad won't let me take my boat out.Do you always do what
your parents tell you to?No.Good. Then I'll be at the dock at 8:00.8:00, everybody.I don't know what I'd do.Hey, what is this?A wake for a funeral?You surprised us.Chief, I walked over as
soon as I heard about it.They only fired me, they didn't bury me.Hello, baby, I'm home.I know.I know you know.Listen, I got something for you.This is gonna look better on you,
than on me,because you're a snappier dresser.Oh, hey, you're drinking the good stuff.How about a toast?
A toast to the new chief.Yeah.Come on, Ellen, the new chief
is gonna need all the luck he can get.No? Okay.We'll do it together.A toast to the new chief!Hail to the chief.Well, go on, drink, for Christ sakes,
it's a milestone in your career.Ease up, Martin.Look, Chief,
not only don't I want your job,but I came over to tell you
that I think you're the greatest.And I...Oh, Jeff, it's okay.Come on, it's not your fault, I know that.Well, I gotta go anyway.Thank you for coming by, Jeff.You've really been a big help.Thank you.- Good night, Jeff.
- Good night.Poor Hendricks.They'll fire his ass, too.You'll see.Showed 'em a picture of that shark.They didn't see it.They see only what they wanna see.But it's out there all right.It's a big mother, too.Is that why they fired you?It wasn't just that.Well, what was it? The scene at the beach?I was there, I saw what happened.Oh, I blew it. I blew it!I shot off my mouth, I shot off my gun.Four years down the drain.Shot to hell.What a dummy.What else?What else?I never been fired before.You know that?I mean, once... Once when I was 17,
when I was a kid, yeah,but never from a real job.Nobody...Nobody ever told me I couldn't hack it.They're not saying that.Yes, they are.They are.Maybe they're right.I'm tired.Tired.Too damn tired.Too damn drunk, that's what you are.Too dammed drunk.- Are you going out?
- Yeah.Are you going sailing?Maybe.- Take me.
- No.I wanna go with you.Quiet!Michael!All right, come on. But be quiet.Today's a better day.Hello, Denise, love of my life.If you're grounded,
what are we doing this for? Practice?Yeah, practice.Why are we here?
Why don't we go to the beach?We can putz around, we can make
some money, pick up some girls.Hey, look, if you're gonna get
in the way, you can just go home.I'm not in the way. Andy, am I in the way?You're always in the way.Is this guy causing you trouble?Put me down!Come on, you can go out in my boat.Yeah!You want him? You can have him.I think you just made somebody very happy.- Hi, guys.
- Hi.Mike, you going out?- Yeah.
- I thought you were grounded.I can go out if I want to.You can?Is there enough room
for all of us on the boat?Oh, I don't know,
we're a little over-crowded...Oh, yeah, we got plenty of room.
Here, come on aboard.I guess so.Brooke, I've got room.Great.- You'll go with me?
- Sure.Thanks, guys, but I'm going
with Timmy. Come on.Fantastic.That's a big mistake.Don't worry about it, all right?Come on, you guys, I'm ready.Hey, I thought you said
she was comin' with us?Obviously she's not.You wanna talk about it?You wanna swim home?Hey, Tom.Hey, Nicholas,
you're supposed to be in class!You dive for me. I've got company.I'm going for lobster!Great! Bring me one!I want mine drawn with butter.You got that, Tom?So long, turkeys.Okay, Sparky's gonna take you down today.If everybody's ready,
let's buddy up and drop.Get us in, for Christ sake! Get us in!Let's get him in and keep him warm.- I think he'll be okay.
- Okay. Prepare the bowline.Let's go!Thank you.So?So I'll go down to the office,
clean out the desk, turn in the truck,and maybe I'll get shitfaced
and rap your boss right in the mouth.I think I better give notice.Take it easy. We may need the income.Mike's gone.He's breaking out early these days.He must be a morning man.Like his father.- Good morning.
- Hi.Anything special today?No. Sean must be out playing somewhere.Why don't you let him
have whatever he wants?Okay.- Just keep him away from the candy.
- Okay.- Am I still gonna get my ride?
- Mmm.Better call your brother the plumber too.
That sink upstairs is still screwed up.Frankie? He's my cousin.Ask him if he can use an apprentice.Have a nice day.Do you wanna just leave it
pointed up like this?Hold on a minute.There we go.Yeah, this is fine.And what about sailing?What about it? Look, don't you worry.We're gonna make It.Yeah, we're gonna make it all the way
to Budapest if you're not careful.Hey, what about the others?What about them?Look, I know the others'll
be there when we get there.They'll have their bonfire
and blankets, clams, liquor...Yeah?Yeah, I suppose.And what are we gonna do in the meantime?Well, in the meantime,
we're gonna have to think of something.Wait a minute.What?Get out the blanket.I got black and blue
marks all over my buttand my mom's starting
to get uptight about it.Okay. Out with the blanket.You really need a blanket, huh?
I don't need a blanket.Hey, I can't come up with...Or we could do something else.Well.Here's your blanket.Eddie!Help!Eddie!Tina!Help me!Tina.Help!Jesus!Eddie, swim! Swim fast,
there's a shark, Eddie!Swim!Oh, God, Eddie, swim!Faster! Hurry!Come on, swim! Come on, swim!Hurry, Eddie, it's a shark!Eddie, hurry, faster! Come on, swim!Hurry!Hurry, Eddie!Eddie!Oh, Mama.Please, make it go away.Make it go away.Make it go away!Honey, it's not your job anymore.I know, I just wanna take a look.Come on, get outta there!
Come on, come on!What happened?Embolism. Air bubbles in the blood.He came up too fast, Chief.
He held his damn breath.Something must have scared him down there.He just panicked.Don't worry, we're taking good care of him.
Come on, Davidson.Easy!How did this happen?Bite reflex. Like a spasm.Happened about an hour ago
right after the kids went out.What kids?Oh, Junior Vaughan, Brooke Peters,
Jackie, Mike, Andy.Our Mike?Yeah, they said they were heading
for the lighthouse.Hey, where you goin'?Look, Chief, you're not chief anymore.I can't let you take her out.Mrs. Brody, look,
if he can't go then you can't go.Neither one of you can go.Ellen, get that line.- Chief, please.
- Mike is out there.But I've signed for the boat.
Mrs. Brody, please.Aw, shit!Chief, go on up to the bow.You're doing all that wrong.Go ahead, untie the bowline.What the hell, they can't fire
both of us, right?Somebody's gotta be in charge.All right, which direction you wanna go?You said something about a lighthouse.- Let's go!
- All right.Amity Launch to Harbor Patrol, over.This is Harbor Patrol.Yeah, listen, Ed, do you think
you could raise me a chopper?Is that you, Brody? Not right away.They're out checking
a buoy in the channel.I want you to get the chopper
out to the lighthouse.There's some kids day-sailing out there.I want them brought back to port.Affirmative. Turn the kids
day-sailing back to port.I heard you. Patrol out.Brody out.Hurry up, suckers, you're dragging.Yeah, come on. We're gonna lose you.Hey, let's go past the lighthouse.I know a better spot. Come about!You got it!I got it, Chief.It's all right. Come on. It's okay.It's all right. It's all right.No!Take it easy. Just take it easy.
You're all right.You're all right. Ellen!No!It's all right. It's all right.It's all right.Oh, Tina. Tina.It's still there!Tina, Tina, it's okay.It's still there!What's the matter?
What's still there? What's still there?Shark!Shark! Over there.That boat's gonna take you in.Where the hell are they?About 10 degrees off your starboard bow.- Take a heading leeward of Sand Island...
- Don't give me that shit, point!- There.
- All right, I got it.Mr. Christian. Mr. Christian.Pump up this boat!Shave off that dreadful moustache.England expects every man to do his duty.You may fire when ready, Quigley.Damn the torpedoes! Full speed ahead.This will be our finest hour.Oh, shit!Hey, Bligh, someone pop your balloon?It's no problem. No problem.Balance the boat!All right, all right, all right.Watch out! Marge!Marge!Kevin, do something!Sean!Timmy, Brooke!- Where is it?
- Oh, I don't know.Larry, get me outta here.I'm gonna get you outta here.
Don't worry, I'm on my way!Larry!Turn!God damn!Let's get 'em outta the water.- Will you hurry up?
- Mike's out there.- Hurry up.
- Out of the water!Somebody look out for Mike!I can't feel my arms!Hang on to something.Mike! Get outta there!Come on, Mike!Oh, my God!Mike! Mike!Brody!Come on! Let's hit it.Okay, get his arms.- Oh, let's go.
- Come on.Get hold of his jacket.Hurry up, please!Get in! Now, come on!- Come on!
- Get him up!Dave, help me!He's bleeding pretty bad.We gotta get Mike to a doctor!Can you sail?Yeah. We'll take him in.Then go for it and get
some help out here fast!Let's go!Okay, let's wrap this mess up!Throw it to Brooke.Brooke! Brooke, get this
and throw it to Marge!Marge, here, take it.Tie it forward around your mast.Easy.Let me help with that line.- Come on, Larry, pull it, come on.
- I don't know if it's gonna hold!All right! Somebody put a fender up.I mean, we could use another hand on this.Take it easy, just pull.Tie it off. All right.Amity Launch to Air Patrol One.Amity Launch to Air Patrol One,
do you read me?This Is Air Patrol. Is that you, Brody?Yeah. Listen, do you have
a fix on those kids yet?Negative. I'm still down.Well, you better get the hell up
because I'm out here all alone!Brody, I gotta switch frequencies.Call my boss,
I'll meet you over by Francis Shoal.Harbor Air out.Francis Shoal?
Where the hell is Francis Shoal?Shit!I'm all alone out here!Anybody wanna play charades?No.Listen, all we have to do
is land at Cable Junction and wait.Yeah, and how are we gonna do
that floating on this garbage?What's after Cable Junction?The Atlantic. Then Ireland.God, I'm hungry.Air Patrol to Base.I have a positive location
on that sailing party.Disabled and adrift,about three quarters of a mile
west of Cable Junction.Wind and tide carrying
them about due East.Is everybody all right? Is anybody hurt?Now listen, I'm gonna give you
a tow to Cable Junction.Then I'm gonna call
the Coast Guard to send a cutter.Throw me a line!Take it easy. Here we go!Oh, what a day!Here you go!Okay!Now hold onto something.Okay.Better hang on.No!- Bob!
- Marge!Sean!Sean!- Sean!
- Sean!All right, get him up in the boat!Sean!Bob! Come on!Get him, Marge! Get him!Hurry! Come on, get him up in the boat!Come on!Come on. Come on.Will you pull me up? I can't get up!No!No!No! No!Take her to the hospital
and meet me back at the office.On the double.Ellen, try to understand my position.Tina's gonna be all right.Are you okay?Ellen, I'm sorry. Believe me, I'm sorry.I was only thinking
of everyone's interest in...I don't give a damn what you're thinking.All I know is a boy is dead and my son
and husband are still out there!Amity Launch to Harbor Patrol.
Amity Launch to Harbor Patrol.Amity Launch to Harbor...Damn! Damn it!Sean, catch the rope!Come on, God damn it!Come on, Sean.Sean, try and catch the rope!Sean, the rope!Come on, Sean!Come on, kid!Sean!Sean, catch the rope!The rope, Sean.Come on! Come on, Sean!Come on, he's gotta help
or it's not gonna work.- Well, will you stop?
- Please.Come on, Sean, wake up!Look at us!Sean!Sean, God damn it!God damn it, Sean, you look at me
or I'll break your ass, do you hear?Okay, come on. Come on.Okay. Okay.Okay, Sean, now listen.We're gonna throw you this rope and you
damn well better catch it. You hear?- Okay, Sean, you ready?
- Okay.Here it comes, kid.- Get it, Sean!
- Come on! Let's go!Sean, get it!Come on, get it. Get it! Get it!Good, good. Okay, now,
tie it around the center board.Tie it tight!- Okay, you ready?
- Hold on!Hold onto that.- All right. All right.
- Hang on, okay?Here we go! Hold on tight.Okay, kid, okay.Now take it easy.Come on, come on.Okay, let's do it!- Jesus Christ!
- Get him out!Come on! Come on, get him outta the water!Thank God! You okay, kid?I thought we lost you.Cable Junction's ahead.Can we make it?I don't know!- Hey, I was just asking!
- I don't know.How's she doing?Just gotta keep her warm.Somebody give me a hand.
We might be able to steer this thing.What the hell are you guys
playing with the tiller for?- I mean, at 7:46 when this tide goes...
- Hey, shut up!I'm sorry, Larry,
I can't stop thinking about this!- Well, you better try!
- Hey, come on!God, please help us!Jesus.Holy Mary, Mother of Christ,please help us.Please, help us.We're begging.Please save us.Jesus.Oh, thank Christ!Here, take that back through to the cleat.What happened?I'm okay.You sure?A shark hit us. Sean's out there.- What?
- He wanted to come.It's okay, wasn't it?Where are they?They're in the current drifting
towards Cable Junction.All right.You three get to the lighthouse
and stay there, you hear me?- Stay there.
- I'm sorry, Dad.- I didn't know.
- That's all right. Forget it now.Just get to the lighthouse.- We're almost there!
- I don't think it's gonna work.Come on, Patrick, more to port.Keep it goin'! Keep it goin'!
We're gonna make it. Just keep it turning.- We gotta land on it.
- Come on, more to port, God damn it!- It's all the way over.
- Shit!Larry! Larry, are we gonna
make it to the island?We're steering for it, kid.Yeah, but the wind drift is lateral.- Oh, yeah, what does that mean?
- It means that we're going sideways.For every yard we go that way,
we go that way a yard.But we had it.
We were heading right for it.We don't have it anymore.Shit! Shit, shit, shit, shit!No, no, wait, wait, stop paddling.- What about the island?
- The shark!What's happening?I don't know. I think we're stuck.- I think it's just the bottom.
- Yeah.No, it's that thing.No, no, it's just the bottom.No, it's not the bottom, it's that thing.I know it's gonna kill us!
It's gonna kill us!- Now, I know it!
- Jackie, shut up!No, it's gonna kill us!Jackie, shut up!- That shark is gonna kill all of us, Larry!
- Shut up!Oh, leave her alone! Leave her alone!Then you take care of her,
you take care of her!Look, Larry, she's hysterical!- Beating her head in is not gonna...
- Sit down!- Knock it off, Larry. She's crazy!
- Be quiet!Shut up!- Listen!
- I know that she shouldn't freak out!Listen!Do you hear it?Over there! It's coming towards us!It's Dad. It's Dad!Yay!Come on! Come on!Pull yourselves over.
Gonna get the hell out of here.We can't.We're stuck on the bottom here!I'll get you closer.
Then you'll come aboard.Just move alongside.Please hurry!All right, hold it steady.Watt! Wait! Walt!Dad!I'm all right, hold on!All right, take this!And I'll try and get you over.Right, tie it on!Okay.All right.Pull these hooks over with the rope.And then secure them to the raft!And then I'll pull you back
with the winch. You got it?Okay!All right! Now, pull it over!It's stuck!Wait a minute, I'll put...
I'll put it in reverse.Lucy!Lucy! Look out!Oh, my God, no!No!Lucy! Lucy!It's all right!No!Oh, my God!Dad!Dad!Hold on!No!Get away!No!Get away!Jackie! Jackie!Sean!Dad!Where is he?No.There he is! There he is over there!Chief! What are you doing?What is he doing?Get outta there!Chief, he's heading right for you!Watch out!Come on, you big bastard!Come on!I got something for you now!Chief!That's it! Atta boy! Come on!Right over here!Dad!That's it! Come on!- Oh, no, get outta the way!
- He's coming!He's gonna take hold of the wood!- Dad, watch out!
- Come on!- Look out!
- Come on!Come on, open wide! Open wide!Say "Ah!"Oh, no!He got him! He got him!He did it! He did it!
Did you see it? He did it!Did you get it? It's dead?It's dead!Oh, thank you. Thank you.Thank you, thank you, thank you.And you!They made me go with 'em!Sure they did.