Subtitles by <font color="#ff0000">explosiveskull & EVO</font>
Sync by <font color="#00ffff">POGI</font><i>John Wick, Excommunicado.</i><i>In effect, 6:00 p.m.,
Eastern Standard Time.</i>I do hope
that Mr. Wickfinds his way to safety.He knew the rules,
he broke them.And killed a man
on company grounds, Charon.Do you expect him
to make it out?$14 million bounty
on his head.And every interested party in
this city wants a piece of it.I'd say the odds
are about even.You think the hospital's
there to help, man?No way!They'll kill you just as soon
as they'll make you better!But I know better, man.I know better.
I know what I'm...Tick tock, Mr. Wick.Tick tock.Tick tock.Tick tock. Tick...No time to dilly-dally,
Mr. Wick!The New York Public Library.You got it.Change of plan.To the Continental.Can you see that he's received
by the concierge?Yes, sir, Mr. Wick.Good dog. Good dog.<i>John Wick, Excommunicado.</i><i>In effect, 20 minutes.</i>Can I help you?<i>Russian Folktale.</i>
Alexander Afanasyev.1864.- Level two.
- Thank you."Consider your origins."You were not made
to live as brutes,"but to follow virtue
and knowledge."Dante.Looking a little
run down there, John.Ernest. I still have time.It's almost up. Who's gonna
know the difference?You sure this is what
you wanna do?Fourteen million.
It's a lot of money.Not if you can't spend it.Oh, shit.Push it back.<i>John Wick, Excommunicado.</i><i>In effect, 10 minutes.</i>Let it be known the Bowery
will honor the Excommunicado.No help,
no services of any kind.Doc! Doc, it's Wick!Mr. Wick.No, no. You shouldn't be here.
Hour's almost up.I know, Doc, please.
There's still time.No! I can't.I still have five minutes!Please.Come on. Come on.All right, sit there.All right, let me see.
Let me see.Uh-huh.Puncture wound.Went deep.
Nicked the artery.Here you go.All right.<i>John Wick, Excommunicado.</i><i>In effect, one minute.</i>Doc?Doc?Yeah. We're halfway there.- Five seconds.
- Yeah.<i>John Wick, Excommunicado.</i><i>In effect, in five, four...</i>Three, two...<i>One.</i>Sorry, Mr. Wick.I know. Rules.Ah, rules.<i>John Wick, 14 million.</i><i>Open contract
is now in effect.</i><i>All services are suspended.</i>And away we go.Top shelf. On the right.Yeah. Take four.It will give you energy.
Help with the pain.Mr. Wick?They'll never believe
I stopped on the hour.But you did.They'll know.Know what?I told you
where the medicine was.- Where?
- Here.Just below my floating rib.Be sure not to hit
my large intestine.Oh, wait!One may not be enough.Yeah. All right.Be sure not to graze my...Oh!Good luck, Mr. Wick.Thanks, Doc.- Its him.
- Yes, let's go.Open the door.Shoot the lock.- Its him.
- Yes.Tell them that he's arriving at the corner.<i>John Wick. Open contract.</i><i>Increase, 15 million.</i>Where are you going,
Jonathan?We are closed.Look who it is.And the belt.Take him to her.See you later.Yes, yes.Again!Again!Jardani.
Why have you come home?You present this to me
like an answer.I still have my ticket.After all the chaos you've
caused for the last few weeks,you think
your ticket is valid?You forget
that the Ruska Romais bound by the High Table,and the High Table
stands above all?They could kill me
just for talking to you.You honor me by bringing death
to my front door.Oh, Jardani,
what has become of you?I am Jardani Jovonovich.I am a child of the Belarus.An orphan of your tribe.You are bound to help me.You are bound...And I am owed.Rooney, enough!Follow me."You are owed."
You are owed nothing, Jardani.You know, when my pupils
first come here,they wish for one thing.A life free of suffering.I try to dissuade them
from these childish notions,but as you know,art is pain.Life is suffering.Somehow,
you managed to get out.But here you are,
back where you began.All of this, for what?For a dog?It wasn't just a dog.Bringing back old memories?Pirouette.Pirouette, pirouette.Sit.Even if I wanted to,
I can't help you, Jardani.The High Table
wants your life.How can you fight the wind?How can you smash
the mountains?How can you bury the ocean?How can you escape
from the light?Of course,
you can go to the dark.But they're in the dark, too.So tell me, Jardani.
What do you really want?Passage.Where did you want to go?Casablanca.The path to paradise
begins in hell.So be it.You hand me your ticket,
I will tear it.If that's what
you really desire.With this, Jardani,
your ticket is torn.You can never come home again.Take him to the lifeboat.<i>Do svidanya.</i><i>Do svidanya.</i>Welcome to the Continental.
How may I help you?Sir. There is an Adjudicator
here to see you.Very well, sir.The manager is in the lounge.I presume you're
here to discuss John Wick.If that's so,
we can make this short.I told him to walk away,
he declined to do so.And that's the all of it.Mr. Wick broke the rules.Oh, yes.And I haven't got the
slightest idea where he is...You're mistaken.I'm not here for Mr. Wick.I'm here because Mr. Wick
broke the rules in this hotel.- Hmm.
- The blood was spilton the grounds of
the Continental. Was it not?Oh, yes.As a matter of fact,
the body gets colderwithin these very walls.I'd like to see it.Santino D'Antonio.A newly instated member
of the High Table,slain by Mr. Wickwhile seeking sanctuary
in the Continental.With a .45 ACP,
it appears.I had no control
over Mr. Wick's actions.And yet, he lives
because you deemed it so, yes?Yes.You have known Mr. Wick
for a great many years.It might even be fair
to call you friends, yes?Instead of stopping him,
instead of killing him,you stood by
and let him walk awayafter he shot Santino
D'Antonio in front of you.I made him Excommunicado.But not before you gave
him an hour to escape.He broke the rules
in my hotel.This is exactly the
problem, your hotel.Where is your fealty?I've been of service
for over 40 years.Under the Table.
Serving the Table.Everything is under the Table.I understand
that you have your loyalties,but this cannot be overlooked.Let me be clear.
I am here to adjudge you.You have one week
to get your affairs in order.Excuse me?At such time,
your successor will be named.There are rules,they are the only things
that separate us...- From the animals.
- Yes.You have seven days.In the meantime, if you need any
assistance with your transition,you may look for me
in room 217.Enjoy your stay
at the Continental.There's an Adjudicator
here to see you.Welcome to my Mission Control.Brain stem of my operation.
The information super flyway.From whence I control
the word on the street,the way of the world.With pigeons.Yes. You see rats with wings,
but I see the Internet.No IP addresses.
No digital footprint.Can't track it, can't hack it,
can't trace it.Can you get disease from it?Well, I wouldn't recommend
that you eat one.What the hell do you want?I wanted to see
where it didn't happen.Where what didn't happen?Where you didn't kill
John Wick.I've always been
under the impressionthat contracts and
executing them was optional.I have no problem
with John Wick.And yet, you gave John
a seven-round Kimber 1911,knowing that
he intended to use itto stand against the Table.
Yes?This Kimber 1911,
to be exact.You gave John Wick
seven bullets,the High Table
is giving you seven days.Seven days for what, exactly?To settle your affairsand find a new home
for your birds.In seven days,
you abdicate your throne.Oh, my dear.Tell me, do you know what
the Bowery is, Adjudicator?Do you know what happens
when I wave my hand?No, there will be no replacement
for me on the throne.Because I am the throne, baby.I am the Bowery!I am all that you deign
not to look atwhen you walk
down the street at night.The Bowery is mine.
Mine alone.Do not make the mistake
of thinkingyou exist outside
the rules, no men do.You have seven days.Enough!I'm afraid our friend here
is off limits.But he's Excommunicado.It seems the manager
has granted him amnesty.Mr. Jonathan,would you be so kind
as to come with me?Welcome to Casablanca,
Mr. Wick.Thanks.Mr. Jonathan,it has been a long time
since our fine cityhas been graced
with your presence.I need to talk to...Yes, Ms. Al-Azwar,
she's expecting you.My, my, welcome
to the Moroccan Continental.I hope you'll find it
to your taste.Right this way.Ms. Al-Azwar,
she waits for no man.Best of luck, Mr. Jonathan.
Best of luck.You a dog person, John?Sofia?Sofia!You can't kill the bearer
of your marker.I didn't kill you.
I just shot you.Nice suit.Good to see you, too.I should shoot you
in the head right now.I know.Don't you do it.You're Excommunicado, John.And that marker
doesn't mean shit.This is your blood.Your bond.When you needed help,
I was there.Sit.I was talking to you, John.You do realize that
I'm management now, right?I'm not service anymore, John.So I don't go around
shooting people in the head.I'm not asking you
to kill anyone.I just need you
to get me to him.- To who?
- Your old boss.You want to kill Berrada.I'm not gonna kill him.
I just need to talk.What could he
possibly give to you?Guidance.Look, I made a deal when
I agreed to run this hotel.And that deal saidthat I had to follow
the rules of the Table.If you're not gonna kill him,
he is gonna kill you,and then probably me, too,
for walking you up in there.If I make one mistake,
one enemy...Maybe somebody goes
looking for my daughter.And I know what you did,
John, to get her out.But that's not a chance
I can take. Sorry.Do you wanna know
where she is?No. I don't ever wanna know.Because I don't trust
that I won't go find her.A part of me longs for her.And I have to kill that part
of myself every day,just to keep her safe.Because sometimes you have
to kill what you love.That's why I gave you that
marker in the first place.That's why
I'm sitting here right nowand that's why I'm fucked!- Consequences.
- Yeah.Consequences.I'm just asking you to try.Either way, you and me,we'll be even.No.After this,
we are less than even.We leave in 10 minutes.How can I help you?I wasn't expecting
the High Table so soon.There is a task.It involves someone
who broke the rulesand stood against the Table.John Wick, you mean.My students
have not been idle.John Wick and all
who've helped him.You've heard the stories
about him, of course.Killed scores of men this
past week alone because of...A dog, a car.I'm familiar.And I'm interested.Very.Blowfish. Very fatal.No soy.I have served,
I will be of service.Stop!Out!The High Table and the Ruska
Roma have an understanding.Yes, and you helped John Wick.He had a ticket.But a ticket does not stand
above the Table.Your penance
will be paid in blood.Now...Hold out your helping hands
and pledge your fealty.I have served,
I will be of service.We're not going in
like the old days.It's just a conversation.Nothing's ever just
a conversation with you, John.Let's go.Sofia.Always so nice to see you.And the dogs, of course, how marvelous.
May I pet one?Certainly.Fantastic.Jonathan Wick.I had heard you had
made your way to our shores.Come along now.I am certain
we have much to discuss.I must admit, I am curious.
What brings you to my domain?Tell me.Do you come here to kill me?No.Mr. Wick, do you know where
the word "assassin" comes from?People argue. "Assassin."<i>Hashasheen,</i>
followers of Hassan-i...Eaters of hashish.No, thank you.But others contend
it comes from <i>asasiyyun.</i>Meaning, "men who are faithful"and who abide
by their beliefs."You see that coin?The first coin ever minted
in this facility.Next to it, the first marker.Not easy to track down,
believe me.Now, this coin, of course,it does not represent
monetary value.It represents
the commerce of relationships,a social contract in which
you agree to partake.Order and rules.You have broken the rules.The High Table
has marked you for death.Why would I allow you
to leave here alive,when your life has been
by your own actions, forfeit?I seek to make amends.To pay for what I've done.I seek a meeting with the one
who sits above the Table.This dog,
I do so love it.Tell me, does it shed
a great deal?Occasionally.When I leave, you can tell
the Elder I'm coming.And if he wants me dead...Then he will see to it that
your bones bleach under the sun.I see.And I would have provided him
with a choice.I am sorry, Mr. Wick.I cannot tell you
where to find the Elder.You fail to understand.The Elder
is not a man you find.He can only choose
to find you.You wish to speak with him?Go to the edge of the
desert, look up.Canis Minor,the dog that followed Orion
through the sky.You follow the brightest star.Walk until
you are almost dead.Then, keep walking.When you are
on your last breath,he will find you...
Or he will not.I am grateful.Thank you, sir.Perhaps you were
not listening before.The social contract.The commerce of relationships.You have received
a great gift.I have hosted your friend.What do you offer in return?So soft and yet so fierce.I love it, this dog.I will keep it.Excuse me?This will be my gift.This will be how
you show me your fealty.No.Surely it's the least
you can do.No, you cannot keep my dog.Very well.Very well.Then I will kill it.I'm sorry, Sofia.This was for you to learn.Don't.Sofia. Don't.He shot my dog.I get it.We gotta go. Now.Here you go.You're gonna die, John.Whether out here
in this desert,or somewhere else
down the road.But you are gonna die.Consequences.Consequences.Better get going.Sofia.Okay.You made your point.You have earned my fealty.Matter of fact...I'm gonna shove so
much fealty up your assit's gonna come
spilling out of your mouth.You had your chance.Well, since you see it
that way,I guess it's time I told youto climb down off your High
Table and go fuck yourself.Duly noted.You gave John Wick
seven bullets,your penance will be paid
with seven cuts.Well, sometimes you gotta
cut a motherfucker.Avert your eyes,
my sweet.The king is dead.Long live the king.Drink.Don't worry, your weapon
is still there. Please drink.My son, how have you
come to be so lost?Not lost.Looking for you.You think
I speak of your location?Never seen a man fight so hardto end up
back where he started.So tell me, Jonathan.Why do you wish to live?My wife, Helen.To remember her.
To remember us.So you seek to live
for the memory of love?At least a chance to earn it.I can give you one last chance
to earn a life.However, it might not be
the life that you wish.Complete a task for us,and your Excommunicado
will be reversed.The open contract closed,you would be permitted
to continue to live.Not free under the Table,
but bound to it.Doing what you do best
for the rest of your days.The choice is yours.Die here and now.Or continue to live
and remember through death.What must be done?The cost of your life
will be the death of others.The first of which will be
the man they call Winston.What?He has forgotten his fealty.Neither the open contract
nor the Excommunicadowill be lifted
until you complete your task.So if you wish to live,and if you wish to remember,this is the choice
you must make.I will serve.I will be of service.Very well, my son.Cast aside your weaknessand reaffirm your fealty
to the table.Mr. John Wick.I want to see. Show me.Thank you.I accept this offering
and your fealty.I wish you good luck
on your path.Zahir will help you prepare
for your departure.And Mr. Wick.Welcome back.<i>JFK Express
now arriving on platform nine.</i><i>JFK Express now arriving
on platform nine.</i>Stick together, kids.Make sure
you're holding the handof the person
in front and behind you.You see? That's why
you're special, John Wick.I wouldn't have stopped.It's good to have you back.How was your trip?Going to the Continental?He with you?He was.Nice trick.Sir! Put your weapon down.He's Excommunicado.Unless you wish
to become the same,I suggest you lower your gun.I'd like to see the manager.Of course.If you would be so kind
as to follow me.Please take a seat.I will let him know
you have arrived.I gotta tell you,I've been looking forward to
meeting you for a long time.I'm a huge fan. John Wick.And so far,
you haven't disappointed.Is that the dog?He likes you.Me? I'm more of
a cat person myself.Hey, dog.We're the same, you know.
Both given the same gift.We're not the same.Yes, we are.No, we're not.The manager
is ready for you now.In the administrative lounge,
sir.We're both masters of death.Mr. Wick.Sit.Stay.Good dog.Tread carefully, Jonathan.We only use this room
on special occasions.When you simply have to see
what your opponent is holdingunder the table.How was your journey here?
Eventful?Yeah.Well, of course.They sent men to kill you,
and now you to kill me.Isn't that why you're here?I have served,
I will be of service.But you're having doubts.Just don't make the mistake of
pretending this is personal.If you feel you must,put a bullet through my heart.The High Table has asked me
to step down.The hour?The hour.You should have killed me
in the Continental.Maybe I should have.Rules and consequences.Hmm.It seems like everyone
is sufferingfrom the consequences
of their actions.And you're not stepping down?No.I don't think I am.So it's war?You're going to war
with the High Table?Skirmish.Unless you decide to shoot me.But, then, I'd rather die
at the hand of a friendthan that of an enemy.No, I've made my choice.
It's up to you to make yours.What choice?You shoot me,
you sell your soul.But I'll be alive.
And I can remember her.Until you die as a servant
of the High Table.Now, you did the impossible,
you stopped, you got out.You only came back because
Helen was taken away from you.The real question is,
who do you wish to die as?The Baba Yaga?The last thing
many men ever see?Or as a man who loved
and was loved by his wife?Who do you wish
to die as, Jonathan?Mr. Wick,
it's a pleasure to meet you.I am an Adjudicator.Have you decided to step down?I think not.And you? Will you be putting
a bullet in his head?No, I don't think I will.Very well.Administration.<i>I'd like to
change a designation.</i>Verification?<i>Adjudication 1-0-1-1-9-7-9.</i>The Continental Hotel,
New York.<i>New designation?</i>Deconsecrated.Processing.<i>Administrator.</i><i>File. The New York
Continental Hotel.</i>The New York Continental Hotel
has been deconsecrated. Goodbye.Gentlemen, this institution
is now deconsecrated.Business may now be conducted
on Continental grounds.Since you are refusing
to step downand you are refusing a direct
order, your lives are now forfeit.High Table emissaries will be
joining you presentlyto see the removal of
your souls from the property.Good evening, gentlemen.This haven is safe no more.Are services
still off limits to me?Under the circumstances,your privileges
are reinstated immediately.What do you need?Guns. Lots of guns.Let's make a withdrawal.Remember, sir.These will be
High Table forces.We may have to consider
our choices carefully.Why?Much has changed
during your time away.Like what?Well, let us say they have
made armor improvements.May I suggest
the 2011 Combat Masterin combination with
the nine millimeter major.<i>Attention, all guests.</i><i>The Continental Hotel
is closing for fumigation.</i><i>We apologize
for the inconvenience.</i><i>Please make your way
to the nearest exit.</i><i>Attention, all guests.
The Continental Hotel...</i>It seems circumstances
have changed in your favor.Your transaction
may now be conductedon Continental grounds.We'll be sending some of our
finest for additional support.Cool. Very cool.125 grain,
1,425 feet per second.Serious business.Thank you.Let us begin.Charon, would you help set
the mood for our new guests?Of course, sir.I know you'll do
the Continental proud.I'll see you soon, sir.And you, Jonathan,
do what you do best.What's that?Hunt.If you want peace...Prepare for war.Winston! Winston!I need more firepower.Armor improvements.12-gauge steel slugs.
Armor-piercing.No one kills you but me.Only by my sword, John.<i>I know you
believe you can keep this up.</i><i>But I assure you...</i>Pleased to meet you, Mr. Wick.It's an honor to fight with you, Mr. Wick.He is getting slow.He is been retired for 5 years.But he is still... John Wick.We will see.Be seeing you.John, you're incredible.Exhausted,outnumbered...Obviously in pain.And you still beat
all of my students.If I didn't
have to kill you,we'd be pals.Let's do this.See? We're the same.I would like to suggest
a parley.A parley would be good.<i>Very well.</i>Are we in play, sir?Oh, very much so.Hey, John.That was
a pretty good fight, huh?Yeah.Yeah.Don't worry about me, John.I just gotta catch my breath.I'll catch up to you, John.No, you won't.You gentlemen, of course,realize that was
the first wave.Merely an amuse-bouche.We can keep this up
as long as you'd like,but it only ends one way.Are you sure a protracted war
is the best way forward?There won't be anything
"protracted" about it.Oh, you can take
the Continental,I have no doubt about that.But keeping it, that's
a different matter entirely.My allegiances run
way beyond this building.We are High Table.And weare New York City.Are we negotiating?Hmm.I believe we are.Parley?Parley.What do you propose we do?Let me keep my power.Under the Table.I have servedand been a beacon
of order and stabilityto our industry
for over 40 years.Now, I humbly acknowledge
I oversteppedand re-pledge my fealty
to the High Table.Winston.You were
merely showing strengthso we would let you
keep the Continental.The High Table
accepts your fealty.But what about him?What are we going to do
about John Wick?Oh, he has to die.- Sorry, Jonathan.
- Winston!Don't see any other way.Very well, gentlemen.The Continental will now
be reconsecrated.Good day to you both.Well played, sir.How long do you estimate
until we reopen?Oh, should be no time at all.Mr. Wick is gone.A true tragedy.You misunderstand.I mean that he is no longer
on the street.That seems improbable.And yet, true.<i>I trust you understand the
repercussions if he survives.</i><i>Both from above and below.</i>The last thing
either one of us needsis Mr. Wick paying us
a visit in the night.<i>For both our sakes,
I'll hope you see to it</i>that this situation
is taken care of, yes?Absolutely.
How far can he get?Baba Yaga.Mmm.How you doing, John?You look as bad as I feel.Johnny, Johnny, Johnny.Raise a hand
if you can hear me, John.Oh, shit.
They took a finger.Ain't that a bitch?Oh, John fucking Wick.So, the old boy
keeps his hoteland you take the fall.Can't say I blame him.I would've done the same thing
if I was in his shoes.But this High Table shit...Seven cuts.Under the Table
is where shit gets done.And they're about to find out,
if you cut a king,you better cut him
to the quick.So...Let me ask you, John.How do you feel?'Cause I am really pissed off.You pissed, John?Hmm?Are you?Yeah.Subtitles by <font color="#ff0000">explosiveskull & EVO</font>
Sync by <font color="#00ffff">POGI</font>