Don't worry. It's just a pack of wolves.
Come on. We're almost rid of it.- Caleb, it's after me!
- Grab on!Run! Run!No, Benjamin, we have to finish this.
Come on. Help me bury it.What if someone digs it up?May God have mercy
on his soul.- Hi, Alan.
- Hi, Miss Magruder.- Good afternoon, Alan.
- Hey, Frank.- All yours, Alan.
- Thanks, Bill.Get him!Prepare to die, Parrish!Hey, Parrish,
what's the rush?He's goin' to
his dad's factory!Alan wants his daddy now!Go ahead, Parrish.
Run to Daddy. We'll be waiting.- Hi, Carl.
- Hey, Alan, I gotta show you something.Come here. Now, I've been
working on this for almost a year.I got an appointment this afternoon
with your father to show him this.Go ahead. Take it.So what do ya think?
Ya think he'II like it?- What is it?
- What is it?Man, this is the future. If I can
get Wilt Chamberlain to wear 'em...I predict there'll be a pair of those
in every closet in America.That's gonna be
the height of fashion.What's wrong?- Nothin'.
- Alan!Thanks, Bob.
What are you doing here?I've told you before. This factory
isn't a playground. It's dangerous.- Dad, can I have a ride home?
- Look, Alan.Is Billy Jessup
picking on you again?Son, you're gonna have to
face him sooner or later.Look, if you're afraid of something,
you've got to stand and face it.Now, run on, son.Carl, you should know better
than to let the boy play in here.Sorry, sir.- What was it you wanted to show me?
- Just a minute, sir.What the devil...Get an extinguisher.Who did this?Well?I did, sir.Just because you're a Parrish doesn't
mean you can hang around my girlfriend.- We're just friends.
- Not anymore. Get him!- Let's go!
- Okay, I've got his bike.Jerks!Wow.Neat.Alan. Are you home?Oh, Alan, not again.
Come on.Hard work, determination,
a cheerful outlook...attributes that have exemplified
the Brantford spirit...since our forefathers
first settled this town.Despite the harshness of our native
clime and the granite of our soil...- we have...
- Prospered.- I knew the damn thing this morning.
- You'll know the darn thing tonight.- All right. Let's go.
- Sam. We have to talk to Alan.- Well, we're on our way.
- Okay.I told your father what you told me this
afternoon. It wasn't just Billy Jessup.Look, if I'd known that,
Alan, I wouldn't have...- It's okay, Dad.
- I want you to know I am proud of you.I mean, you faced them, even
though you were outnumbered.And since you
took it like a man...your mother and I have decided
that you're ready to go...to the Cliffside School for Boys.- There.
- Congratulations, sweetheart.- You don't want me living here anymore?
- Alan.It's always been the plan that you go
to Cliffside when you were ready.I mean, Parrishes have been going
to Cliffside ever since the 1700s.Even your Uncle Skylar
went there.- Look at this. Parrish Hall.
- It's the main dormitory.Oh, this is great. Kids are on my
case here because I'm a Parrish.Just wait till I'm living in
a building named after me.It was named
after my father.- Good. Why don't you live in it?
- I did!I wouldn't be who I am today
if it weren't for my years there.Maybe I don't wanna be who you are.
Maybe I don't wanna be a Parrish.You won't be.
Not till you start acting like one.Get your coat!I guess I'm not ready
for Cliffside then!We're taking you there next Sunday! I
don't wanna hear another word about it!You won't.
I'm never talking to you again!- Sam...
- Don't!- Sam...
- What?Nothing. Just...- What are you doing here?
- I brought your bike back.You didn't have to. I was going
over to Billy's to get it myself.I told Billy to stop
picking on you.You shouldn't have wasted your breath.
We'll talk about this some other time.What was that?- You heard it too?
- Of course I heard it.Come on. I found this really
weird game in the factory.A game?"Jumanji.A game for those who seek to find
a way to leave their world behind.You roll the dice to move your token.
Doubles gets another turn.And the first player to reach
the end wins." You wanna play?I quit playing board games
five years ago.Sarah.- It's gotta be magnetized or something.
- Alan, look."At night they fly,
you better run...these winged things
are not much fun."- What was that?
- I don't know.- Put it away, Alan!
- Okay.Oh, no.
The game thinks I rolled.What do you mean,
"The game thinks"?"In the jungle you must wait...until the dice
read five or eight.""In the jungle you must wait..."
What's that mean?Roll the dice!I think a bed-and-breakfast
is just what this town needs.Well, it's pretty hard to pass up,
especially full of furniture.Oh, boy! I keep forgetting
how big this place is.Judy, Peter,
come look at this.I'm gonna put
a reception area over here.And a bar over here
in the parlor.That sounds lovely. I'm sure you and
your kids are gonna be very happy here.Oh. Well, actually,
they're my late brother's.He and his wife passed away
just last winter.Is this something,
or what?It sure is.So, what do you think, young man?
Is it big enough for you?Peter hasn't spoken a word
since it happened.Oh, my. I'm so sorry.
How terribly awful.It's okay.
We barely even knew our parents.They were always away... skiing in
Saint Moritz, gambling in Monte Carlo...safariing in darkest Africa.We didn't even know
if they loved us.But when the sheik's yacht
went down, well...they managed to write us
a really beautiful good-bye note...that was found floating in
a champagne bottle amongst the debris.Excuse me.They were very devoted parents.
It was a car crash in Canada.- So you'll send me those escrow papers?
- First thing tomorrow.I'll have to get a locksmith
out for this one.Peter, pick up your toys,
please.Peter, take this suitcase
up to the attic.Then we can all have
ice cream and bourbon.What? What is it?- I'm going to Motel 6.
- Oh, for heaven's sake.I don't see any guano.- He said it looked like that.
- That's an African bat.Some kid said she saw a bunch
of those back in the '60s.But we don't get bats
like that in New England.- But that's what he saw.
- Well, whatever it was...is gone now.Bats aren't what I'd worry about
in this house anyways.What would you worry about?Well, personally...I wouldn't wanna live in a house
where someone was murdered.- Murdered?
- Yep.Little Alan Parrish.
I say his father did it.There's a thousand and one places he
could have hid the body in this house.Especially if he
chopped it up first.Hey, up there! You kids don't wanna
be late for your first day of school.- Not a bat in sight, ma'am.
- Ya hear that?There is nothing
to be afraid of in this house.I can't believe I have to see
your principal after the first day.What am I gonna do?Let's just try to relax and finish our
dinner and talk about something else.Well, we found out why
you got this house so cheap.Twenty-six years ago, a kid named
Alan Parrish used to live here.Then one day,
he just disappeared...'cause his parents chopped him up in
little pieces and hid him in the walls.Okay, that's it. I am sick and tired of
your lies, young lady. You're grounded.Fine. There's nowhere to go
in this stupid town anyway.And just for your information,
that wasn't a lie.Did you hear anything
a little while ago?Do you miss Mom and Dad?- No.
- Liar.If you don't cut that out,
they're gonna send you to a shrink.Where do you think they're gonna
send you if you don't start talking?If I get held up at the permit office,
I'll give you a call.School bus should be here
any minute.You guys still have
your house keys?You guys listening to me?Hello?- Hello?
- What?Maybe I should wait
with you till the bus comes.Did your parents used
to put you on the bus?- No. No.
- Are you sure?I could drop you off.No, don't worry about us.
The bus'll be here any minute.Okay.
Please be good today.- You do hear it.
- Hear what?Where's it coming from?Wow.Let's bring it over here.Weird. They're stuck."Jumanji. A game for those who seek to
find a way to leave their world behind.You roll the dice to move your token.
Doubles get another turn.The first player
to reach the end wins."It's gotta be microchips
or something.You go first.Okay.Six."A tiny bite can make you itch,
make you sneeze, make you twitch."Don't!"This will not be
an easy mission...monkeys slow the expedition."What is that?I bet those monkeys came from the game.
The mosquitoes too.Uh-oh.
I didn't see this part."Adventurers beware.""Adventurers beware. Do not begin
unless you intend to finish.The exciting consequences
of the game will vanish...only when a player has reached
Jumanji and called out its name."- The monkeys are gone.
- Good.- Put it away.
- Wait!The instructions say if we
finish the game, it'll all go away.We better do it,
or Aunt Nora's gonna pitch a fit.We should just get through it quickly.
I mean, there's no skill involved.No, you rolled doubles.
You get another turn.Roll!Five."His fangs are sharp.
He likes your taste.Your party better move
poste haste."I don't like the sound of that.Judy, someone's in here.It's not real, Peter.
It's a hallucination.Run, Peter!I'm back.My Bike...Somebody roll
a five or an eight?He did.Oh, thank you! Thank you!
Thank you! Thank you!Thank you.
Sorry if I scared you.Sorry if I scared you.
Thank you.I'm back! Mom! Dad!I'm home!I'm back!It's me!
It's me, Alan, Mom and Dad!I'm home! I'm back.Are you my little sister?No.
I'm Judy and he's Peter.Where's Mom?
Is Dad at the factory?Are you Alan Parrish?Yeah.
Who are you?We live here now.- Where's my mom and dad?
- We don't know.This house has been empty
for years.Everyone thought you were dead.Sorry.<i>- Gimme that description again.</i>
- I said, red fur and long tail.Get down off of my car, please.And get up on the sidewalk.- What year is it?
- It was brand new.No.
What year is it?- Uh, 1995, remember?
- '95.You got some I. D? Oh, let me guess.
You left it in your other Tarzan outfit?- Twenty-six years.
- Are you from around here?I was!
But I've been in Jumanji.Indonesia.
He was in the Peace Corps.Bentley.- Carl Bentley, the Soleman.
- Is this man related to you?- Yes, sir. He's our uncle.
- Does he always dress like that?Well, yeah,
he's a vegetarian.Get out of there!Monkeys! Monkeys.Is he all right upstairs?Uh, he suffered a head injury
a few months ago.Hey! Hey... What?Don't you move!
Freeze! Hey!Don't move. Don't move.- Wait a minute! Where are you going?
- To find my parents!Come on.Wait!My dad used to
make shoes here.They were the best shoes
in New England.Hey!Sorry.Easy, girl.Do you know what happened
to this shoe factory?Yeah, it folded up,
like everything else in this town.Hey, it's pretty cold out there.
How 'bout some coffee?Why would they close
Parrish Shoes?When his kid ran away, Sam put
all he had into trying to find him.His time, his money.Everything.After a while,
he stopped comin' to work.He just quit carin'.I don't think anybody
loved his boy more than Sam did.Here.You're gonna freeze out there.Thank you.
Are the Parrishes still around?- I see 'em now and then.
- Yeah?They're over on Adams Street.Our parents are dead too.They were in the Middle East
negotiating peace when...Our dad was in advertising.I bet you miss him, huh?
Me too.There he goes again.Listen, I know you're upset and all, but
I kinda feel we should finish the game.We?
Why do you need me?Just in case any other
scary stuff comes out.Plus, there's a lion in my aunt's
bedroom. What should I do about that?- Do I look like a Ringling Brother?
- But she'll be home soon.Won't she be surprised.
Hope she's not allergic to cats.Larry, we need the wheels.
Gimme a hand.Did we hit her that hard?No, it looks like another one
of those weird bites.It's another one.Geez, that's over 50.
What the hell's goin' on?Easy now.- Hey, look. Isn't that Mrs. Thomas?
- Who's that?- The realtor.
- Quiet. Listen.You hear that?- Hear what?
- Get in the car.Okay, think.
What came out of the game before me?- There was a lion, a bunch of monkeys...
- That!It's okay. It's okay.
It's just a bug.But we're safe in here.
See? We're fine.As long as we stay low, he can't get
through there too far. Don't worry.We're fine.Hey, he can't get us in here.
He can't get through the glass.We're safe.Either one of you know how to drive?
No? Well, that's no problem.Well, my dad used to let me back
the car down the driveway once.- So what's the big deal?
- Buckle up.Here we go!Oh, wait a minute.
What... Wait.Alan, the top!Piece of cake.Yeah.Keep that thing away from me!When are you gonna
help us play?We've gotta hurry.
Our aunt's gonna be home soon.Well, good. You can inform her
that she's the ex-owner of this house.I hope you realize, with my parents
gone, this home belongs to me.Oh, thank you.No more banana leaves.What do you think those monkeys are
gonna do to the ecosystem around here?<i>Just sit right back</i>
and you'll hear a tale<i>- A tale of a fateful trip</i>
- Hello!<i>That started out on this tropic port</i>
aboard this tiny ship<i>The mate was</i>
a mighty sailor man<i>The skipper</i>
brave and sure<i>Five passengers set sail that day</i>
for a three-hour fourWhat happened to you?
You shave with a piece of glass?What happened to you?
The Clampetts have a yard sale?What do you want?
I've never shaved before.Where are you going?How 'bout Peter and I play,
and you just sort of watch?No, thanks.
I've seen it.So if you're not gonna help us,
what are you gonna do?I don't know.
Pretty much take up where I left off.I wonder if Mrs. Nedermeyer's
still teaching sixth grade.Come on, Judy.
He's not gonna help us. He's afraid.What did you say?You're afraid.
It's okay to be afraid.Let's go set it up
in the living room.No, you have no idea what you're
getting yourself into.Whatever it is, we'll handle it
by ourselves. We don't need your help.I don't think so.You think monkeys,
mosquitoes and lions are bad?That's just the beginning.I've seen things you've only
seen in your nightmares.Things you can't even imagine.Things you can't even see.There are things that'll
hunt you in the night.Then something screams.
Then you hear them eat.And you hope to God
that you're not dessert.Afraid?You don't even know
what afraid is.You will not last
five minutes without me.So are you gonna help us?I'll watch.But I'm not afraid.Peter, that was very cool.That's reverse psychology.
Dad used to pull it on me all the time.- Ready?
- Yeah.Alan, ready?There is no "ready."I'll try it again.It's not working.Oh, no. It's not your turn.Yeah. I rolled first...and then Peter twice 'cause he got
doubles, and now it's my turn again.No, look. Two of those
pieces are yours, right?Whose are the other pieces?The elephant was mine.You're playing the game
I started in 1969.I'm gonna have to play.It's not my turn.Whose turn is it?Sarah Whittle.This is where
she used to live.This place gives me the creeps.We used to play
on this porch.I knew she still
wouldn't live here.Probably married Billy Jessup and
they're living in a trailer park.- Let's go.
- Maybe she'II know where Sarah went.Of course she'll know where Sarah went.
She's a psychic.Good point.- I remember the porch being bigger.
- Hello?- Um, can you help us?
- Do you have an appointment?No, we're just trying
to find someone.- Madam Serena can't see anyone right now.
- Maybe you can help us.What is it?We're looking for someone
who used to live here.No, I've lived here
my whole life.Well, then you must know
Sarah Whittle.What do you want
with Sarah Whittle?Sarah?No, I don't go
by that name anymore.What do you want?Twenty-six years ago, you played a game
with a little boy down the street.A game with drums.How do you know that?I was that little boy,
Sarah.Alan...You killed her.<i>Leave a message and the docfor</i>
will call you back...<i>at his earliest convenience.</i><i>Dr. Boorstein.</i>
Sarah Whittle calling.If you could call me back
as soon as you can...I think I need to have
my dosage checked.That event we've been discussing
for a long time now...the one that
didn't really happen...I'm havin' an episode here with the
little boy that didn't really disappear.I'm sittin' in his living room
drinkin' lemonade.If you could call me, I'd really
be interested in your interpretation.Thank you so much. He'II call me back
ten minutes before the hour.- While we're waiting...
- Whoa, God!- Sarah!
- No, no, no, no!- Sarah, please!
- I spent over 2,000 hours in therapy...convincing myself that
that doesn't exist.What happened to you was so awful,
I made up that whole thing.- Sarah, it was awful. It really was.
- Am I crazy?It was real. Real.No, no, no.
It wasn't real.Your father murdered you and
chopped you up in little pieces.Sarah, come on.
My dad did that?My father could
barely hug me...let alone cut me
into little pieces.Twenty-six years ago...we started playing
a little game.And now we're all
gonna sit down...and we're
gonna finish it.And guess what?
Your turn.No!Play the game, Sarah.- Oh, no, no, no.
- All right.Just gimme the dice and you can go home.
You don't have to play.Thank you, Alan.Oh, my God!
How could you do that?It's the law of the jungle, Sarah.
You'll get used to it.And I think of all the energy I spent
visualizing you as a radiant spirit.Go on, read it."They grow much faster than bamboo.
Take care or they'll come after you."- Oh, great.
- Oh, God. Tell me this isn't happening.Oh, it is.Stay away from the walls.
Don't touch anything.No quick movements.- Wow, they're beautiful.
- Oh, yeah, they're beautiful.Don't touch the purple ones.
They shoot poisonous barbs.And definitely
stay away from the pods.The big yellow ones.What big yellow ones?Peter!I got ya!
Get his arms!Get it off me!Oh, my God!- Hang on, boy.
- Grab him!- I'll be right back.
- Oh, my God!Sorry, Angus.Whoa. Harvest time!Are you okay?Oh, my God!My car.
Oh, my car.<i>Has anybody seen Carl?</i><i>- I can't believe this. Start. Please.</i>
- Carl, come in please.<i>- Carl here.</i>
- Where have you been?<i>We've got a serious</i>
animal control situation.You gotta get Stan and Willy on it.
I'm headin' to the old Parrish place...to check a suspicious character.I should've been a fireman.Get your hands off me!- The game is not over yet, Sarah.
- Well it is for me.You are not in the jungle anymore. Stop
this! You don't treat people like this.Anybody up for iced tea?
I'm gonna make some tea.Alan, please. Last time I played
this game, it ruined my life.It ruined your life?"In the jungle you must wait,
till the dice read five or eight."I was a little girl, Alan.You disappeared.And a bunch of bats surrounded me
and chased me down the street.I was afraid.I'm sorry, Alan.No one believed me.
I was all alone.So was I.For 26 years, Sarah.Me too.It's okay, Sarah.
We're scared too.But if we finish the game,
it'll all go away.- What if I get stuck in the game?
- You won't.Because I won't stop playing.- And neither will I.
- I won't either.- Come on, Sarah.
- Please?I knew this was
gonna be a bad day.Hey, come on.
We'II be fine.We just have to
keep our heads.Roll with the punches."A hunter from
the darkest wild...makes you feel
just like a child."- What is it?
- Van Pelt.You miserable coward!
Come back and face me like a man.Not good enough, Sonny Jim.Coming, ready or not.Hey, you!Drop your gun and get
your hands in the air!Man, I don't believe this.Even if Alan gets out of this
situation, the same kind of thing's...gonna happen over and over again.When you carry around so much repressed
anger, it attracts a lot of negative energy.And things happen, like ending up
in the jungle. That was no accident.- There are no accidents.
- Whose turn is it?- It's my turn.
- Really? Great.You might have told us there was a man
in there with a rifle that hunts people.I didn't know, okay?
It's just the roll of the dice.Is he the reason
you didn't wanna play?You didn't wanna play either...Mr. We-Started-Something-26-Years-Ago-
And-Now-We-Gotta-Finish-It?- What's the deal with you and this guy?
- He's a hunter.He kills things. Right now,
he wants to hunt me and kill me.- Why you?
- Why me? I don't know.Everything about me he finds offensive.
You think it'd be a waste of his time.- Maybe he needs something for his wall.
- It's your turn.You ever thought about sitting down
and talking about your differences?What, are you crazy?
The man has a gun.Don't ever call me crazy, Alan.Ever. 'Cause everyone in this town
has called me crazy...ever since I told the cops
you were sucked into a board game.- Maybe I should roll.
- You know what it's like to be known...as the little girl who saw
Alan Parrish murdered?You think anybody showed up
at my 14th birthday party?- Hello. I'm rolling now.
- Billy who?- I'm gonna roll.
- Are you an owl?- Dig into your higher consciousness...
- Here, just roll.And find the memory
of your old boyfriend.- The little kid who used to steal your bicycle?
- No, the big kid who took you to movies."Don't be fooled.
It isn't thunder.Staying put
would be a blunder."- No, you're immature.
- You are.I know you are,
but what am I?Do you feel that?Listen.Run!
It's a stampede!The game!Don't look back!Not the game!Why didn't you
grab the game, Peter?Just ignore him, honey.
He's a Libra.- Where are you going?
- He'll head for water!<i>Judy, if's Aunt Nora.</i>
Where have you been?I'm sorry, dear.
You have the wrong number.Wait for me!- What can I do for you?
- I want a gross of these.You know they stopped
making these in 1903?Damn. Then I shall need
a replacement weapon.There's a waiting period...and you'll have to...fill out these.Or I could fill these out.Louise.Now, anyone asks,
you didn't get this here.You're not a postal worker,
are you?Quiet.Okay.No!- Peter, that was great.
- Are you okay?I can't believe you did that.
That was so cool.- You gave me chills.
- It was great.It's nice work.
Come on, gimme the game. Let's go.Oh no.Act natural.- Hey!
- Hide the game.I don't believe this. Every time
there's trouble, I run into you.Me? I don't know
what you're talking about.- I'm taking you in for questioning.
- I'm not going anywhere.Just a second.
You can't take him. He's...- Her fiance.
- Wait a minute, I thought he was your uncle.It's all right.
I'll be back soon.Blast.Remember you said you'd never
abandon your friends?- We'll finish the game later.
- Later?Van Pelt.I suggest you all
go home now.Okay.Now how are we supposed
to finish the game?We can't. We can't finish it
without him.Judy!What?What happened?I thought I could end the game.
I was only ten spaces away."A law of Jumanji
having been broken...you will slip back
even more than your token."You tried to cheat?No. I tried to drop the dice
so they'd land on 12.Oh, okay, honey.
Well, that would be cheating.Peter, your hands!
Look at your hands!<i>Ray, come in, this is Willie.</i><i>They cleaned out Larry's Hardware,</i>
and they're headed for Parrish Common.<i>I can't stop 'em, Lorraine. You gotta</i>
get the National Guard down here now!What is this about?
I know you know.Yes, I do, but you wouldn't believe me
even if I told you, Carl.Wait a minute.
How do you know my name is Carl?I know a lot more than that.I know you used to work on the
stamping line at Parrish Shoes.They used to call you
Soleman.Soleman.
Yeah, that's right.I was in there too, until
old man Parrish fired me.- He fired you?
- Yeah, man.And I had something I could've turned
this whole town around.- Your shoes.
- Right.Listen, Carl...I know it doesn't mean much
after 26 years...but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.- Sorry for what?
- It's me, Alan.Thank you.
Come on.- What's going on?
- Apparently there's a sale happening.You just saw three monkeys
go by on a motorcycle, didn't you?- Yes.
- Good girl. Come on.Maybe we can bail him out
with a check.Thanks.You tell that sniveling coward
from me, if he wants...Peter, no!Boy!Get out of my way!Hey kid, what are you doing?Give me that, boy!Hey! Help me!Get me outta here!- It's all right.
- Oh, my God, Peter. Come on.There it is!Wait here.Got ya, girlie.When Alan hears
of your predicament, he'll come.He doesn't know I'm here,
so this isn't gonna work. I'm going.Don't move or I'II blow
your blinking brains out!Call the cops!- That should do it, don't ya think?
- Oh, yeah.Price check.If you let me go,
I can stop all this.<i>It sounds like something out of the</i>
Twilight Zone, but it's true.Please.
You gotta help me on this.I know I'm gonna regret this.Just hold still.There. I let you go.
Now what are we gonna do?- You are gonna stay here.
- Those are my keys!It's for your own good.
You just stay there.- My handcuff keys. Wait.
- This is something I have to do.- Alan!
- You'll thank me someday.<i>Hostage situation at Sir Sav-a-lot</i>
involving a woman and two children.<i>Sounds like the armed perpetrator in</i>
the pith helmet and khakis you reported.<i>- Carl? Come in, Carl.</i>
- Lorraine, come in. Lorraine!- What's Sir Sav-a-Iot?
- It's a discount store.- Move over.
- Wait. Gently.All right.Don't worry.
I've done this before once.- Where's Sir Sav-a-lot?
- Monroe and Elm.- The Episcopal church.
- No, it's not a church anymore.Now it's a Speedy Burger, or it was.
I don't know what's left of it.People in this town
are goin' loopy.We got company.It's all right.
That's a traffic cop. He'll back us up.- Here's the game.
- Come on. Get outta here.Rats!- Turn the siren off. Right there!
- I got it.Okay!Stop your cringing, woman.
I could have shot you at any moment.Then why didn't you?You didn't roll the dice.
Alan did.There it is.
Hit the brakes.- Hit the brakes!
- I'm hittin' 'em.- Hit the brakes!
- I'm hittin' the brakes!He should be here any moment.Sarah!You're all right?- Where's Peter?
- I'm here.Oh, great.<i>So remember...</i><i>circumstances are never ever</i>
out of your control.<i>End of tape three.</i><i>... update on the events unfolding</i>
in Brantford, New Hampshire...<i>where at least 98 people have been</i>
hospitalized with symptoms...<i>ranging from fevers and rashes...</i><i>to violent seizures.</i><i>Local resources have been</i>
strained to the breaking point.<i>State health officials are asking</i>
anyone experiencing symptoms...<i>to dial 9-1-1.</i>I got it.Alan, talk to him. Please?What? We don't have time
for this, okay?I know, but he's a kid
and he was trying to help.- All right, come on.
- Thank you.Judy, come on.I warned you about this,
Peter.No, you wanted
to play the game.What, are you crying? You don't cry,
all right? You keep your chin up.Keep your chin up.Crying never helped anybody
do anything, okay?You have a problem,
you face it like a man.I'm sorry.Twenty-six years buried in the jungle
and I still became my father.It's okay.
Come here. I'm sorry.Hey.
It's all right.Remember what you told me?
It's all right to be afraid.It's not that.What is it?Okay. Ready?Don't worry. We're gonna have you turned
back into your old self in no time flat.'Cause we're gonna go in here,
and together...we're gonna sit down,
we're gonna finish that game...no matter what.Suddenly, I feel right at home.Lorraine, this is Carl.I know who's behind this. I'm headin'
to the Parrish place. Gimme backup.Lorraine?Wait!- Now what?
- Stop!Wait, stop!Is there a problem, ma'am?- Can I have a ride home?
- Where do you live?Jefferson Street.
The old Parrish place.Do you have children?
A boy and a girl?- Oh, my God! What happened?
- Get in. I'II explain it on the way.Fine! Take it!We gotta get to that house.- Shouldn't we play someplace else?
- No.I grew up in this.
It's out there that scares me.Okay, it's my turn.If you roll a 12, you win.Okay, ready? Here I go.It's okay."Every month at the quarter moon...there'll be a monsoon...in your lagoon."Monsoon.
Well, at least we're inside.Yeah, right.Well, a little rain
never hurt anybody.Yeah, but a lot could kill you.- What do we do now?
- We get to higher ground!- Okay.
- Come on! Stay together!You all right, Peter?Alan. What is that?Swim! Go! Go!Swim fast! Move!Keep goin'!Get on the table!
Peter, get out of the water!On the chandelier!Come on, Sarah.Peter!Hang on, Sarah!Are you okay?Where is he?Judy? Peter?Ma'am, step back and let me handle this,
please. It's probably nothing.They probably left the TV
on too loud.Peter? Judy?I always wanted to do this.
Could you step back, please?Give me your hand.- Grab my hand!
- I got it! No!Alan!Take the game.
Here you go.- You okay?
- Yeah.Alan, you wrestled
an alligator for me.It was a crocodile.Alligators don't have
that little fringe on their hind leg.Come on.My mistake.Come on.Okay, it's my turn.I've got it. Colonel Mustard
in the library with a wrench.Clue."Beware the ground
on which you stand...the floor is quicker
than the sand."- Help me.
- Okay. Stay calm.Don't struggle.- Stay calm.
- I'm calm.- Grab on!
- Pull.Okay, I got it.Pull!Stay calm!Come on.Oh, good!I got you.Stop giving me things
that come apart!- "There is a lesson..."
- All right."There is a lesson
you will learn:I got you.Sometimes you must
go back a turn."- Did I hurt you?
- Oh, no.Oh, dear.Oh, thank you, Judy.
Thank you.That was very quick thinking.Sarah and I would like
to get out of the floor...so it's your turn, Peter.Okay.I thought I lost you again.Thanks for stickin' around
this time."Need a hand
while you just wait...we'll help you out,
we each have eight."- What's that? What is it?
- Nothing.You don't go "Waah!"
For nothing.- Oh, my.
- Peter!My dad kept an ax in
the  woodshed. Go get it.- Okay.
- Hurry! Go, go, go!Aunt Nora, it's me, Peter.Oh, God!Sorry, I can't talk right now.
I'll explain later.- What?
- It's your turn.- You can finish if you roll a 7.
- I can't roll!Put the dice in your mouth...Judy, bring the game!
Hurry!Judy!- Judy, are you okay?
- I'm fine. Help them.Come on, Judy.Gimme the dice!"You're almost there
with much at stake...but now the ground
begins to quake."Judy.- Oh, my God!
- What?I wish Mom and Dad were here.So do I.Our only chance is if
we finish the game!It's your turn!Oh, my God.- Get the game! The game!
- No, I won't let you go!Don't move!Stand up.What's in your hand?Drop it.End of the line, Sonny Jim.Game's up.
Stop running.No.- Aren't you afraid?
- I'm terrified.But my father told me...you should always face
what you're afraid of.Good lad.
You're finally acting like a man.Any last words?Jumanji.Huh?No, Alan!Forgot my speech notes.I'm so glad you're back.I've only been gone
five minutes.It seems like
a lot longer to me.I thought you told me you were never
gonna talk to me again.Whatever I said, Dad...I'm sorry.Look, Alan, I was angry.I'm sorry too. I'm sorry.You don't have to go to Cliffside
if you don't want to.Let's talk it over tomorrow,
man-to-man.How about father-to-son?All right.Hey, I gotta get going.
I'm the guest of honor.Dad?Back in 196...
I mean, today in the factory...it wasn't
Carl Bentley's fault.I put the shoe
on the conveyor belt.I'm glad you told me, son.Thanks.Bye, Dad.Good-bye.Holy smokes!
Judy and Peter!They're not there.It's 1969.They don't even exist yet.I'm starting to forget
what it's like to be a grown-up.That's okay. As long as
we don't forget each other.Or Judy and Peter.Alan, there's something
I've been wanting to do...and I better do it
before I feel too much like a kid.They probably don't teach
driver training in the sixth grade, huh?<i>God and sinners reconciled</i><i>God and sinners reconciled</i><i>Joyful all ye nations rise</i><i>Join the triumph of the skies</i>Merry Christmas.
Want to try one of these?<i>Christ is born in Bethlehem</i><i>Hark, he herald angels sing</i>No, Dad. It's a new cross-trainer.
It's doing fabulous.- It's not a bra. It's a shoe.
- Honey, they're here.Dad, I gotta run. Merry Christmas.
We'll pick you up at the airport.You'll be the best
Christmas gift of all. Bye-bye.- They're here.
- Come on.Let's go.Pardon me.- Jim, glad you could make it.
- Thanks.- This is my wife, Martha.
- Hi, Martha. This is Sarah.- Hi, Sarah.
- Where are the kids?Oh, my God, there they are.How'd you know?A guess. A guess, of course.
They're your kids.You're right.
These are our children.Judy and Peter. Kids, say hi
to Mr. And Mrs. Parrish.- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.You're just like
we remembered you.I feel like we know
so much about them...because, you know...- You've told Alan so much about them.
- And I told her.- Yeah.
- I'll go get the presents.Sure, honey.Well, we love children.- Merry Christmas.
- Cool!- When can you start?
- Martha and I were thinking...of taking a little skiing holiday
up in the Canadian Rockies.No!Sorry.We... We just...Need you to get that marketing
done on the new line pronto.No problem.
I could probably start next week.That'd be great.Let me introduce you to the rest of
the folks you'll be working with.Come on in.
Our house was your house.Is, anytime you like.<i>We wish you a merry Christmas</i>
We wish you a merry Christmas<i>We wish you a merry Christmas</i>
and a happy New YearWhat's that noise?