Created and Encoded by --  Bokutox -- of  www.YIFY-TORRENTS.com. The Best 720p/1080p/3d movies with the lowest file size on the internet. World of Warcraft - Outland PVP (EU) - Torporr (name)(J' Hoku "Perfect Day")J' Sun's up
It's a little after 12J' Make breakfast for myselfJ' Leave the work for someone elseJ' People sayJ' They say that it's just a phaseThey tell me to act my ageJ Well, I amJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing's standin' in my wayJ' On this perfect dayJ' When nothing can go wrongJ' It's the perfect dayJ' Tomorrow's gonna come too soonJ I could stayJ' Forever as I amJ' On this perfect dayJ' Sun 's downJ' A little after tenJ' I pick up all my friendsJ' In my Mercedes-BenzJ' Wake upDon’t tell me it’s just a dreamJ' 'Cause when I've had enough
You'll hear me sayHi!J' Now don't you try to rain on myJ' Perfect dayJ' Nothing's standin' in my wayJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing can go wrongJ' It's the perfect dayJ' Tomorrow's gonna come too soonJ I could stayJ' Forever as I amJ' On this perfect dayI’m in the race, but I already wonJ' And getting there can be half the funr So don’t stop me till I’m good and doneJ' Don't you try to rain on myJ' Perfect dayJ' It's the perfect dayJ' It's the perfect dayJ' Nothing's gonna bring me downJ I could stayJ' Forever as I amJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing's standing in my wayJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing can go wrongJ' On this perfect day...(Elle) I love that restaurant!
I heard Madonna went into labor there.Oh, gosh, I have to go shopping.
OK. I'll see you tonight.OK. Bye.Bruiser, what's this?(sighs) "Good luck tonight.
Elle and Warner forever."That's so cute.(sighs)Oh, my gosh. You guys are so sweet.But I'm not positive
it's gonna happen tonight.Hello! He just had lunch
with his grandmother.You know he got the rock.Why else would she have
flown in from Newport?It's not like she'd
FedEx a six-carat diamond.Do you really think?I can't believe
you're getting engaged!Oh, my gosh. You guys have
to help me pick out the perfect outfit.Come on.(woman) I think you should go with
the red. It's the color of confidence.I don't understand why you're completely
disregarding your signature color?He's proposing. I can't look
like I would on any other date.This is the date.
The night I'll always remember.I wanna look special.Bridal. But not like I expect anything.There's nothing I love more than
a dumb blonde with Daddy's plastic.You know how he gets excited...Did you see this one?
We just got it in yesterday.Oh! Is this low-viscosity rayon?Yes, of course.With a half-loop top stitching
on the hem?Absolutely. it's one of a kind.It's impossible to use a half-loop
top stitching on low-viscosity rayon.It would snag the fabric.
And you didn't just get it in.I saw it in Teen Vogue a year ago.So if you're trying
to sell it to me for full price,you picked the wrong girl.OW.Girls, this is it.In a few hours, I'll be the future
Mrs. Warner Huntington III.Hello.Wow.You look so beautiful.So do you.Let's get out of here.OK.It must be strange
having such perfect eyes.(Warner) God, you're so wonderful.
Elle, thank you.- Here's to us.
- To us.Mmm!- Elle... (clears throat)
- Yes.One of the reasons I wanted to come
here tonight was to discuss our future.I am fully amenable to that discussion.Good.You know how we've been having
all kinds of fun lately?Yeah.
- Well, Harvard is gonna be different.Law school is a completely different
world, and I need to be serious.Of course.I mean, my family
expects a lot from me.- Right.
- I expect a lot from me.I plan on running for office some day.And I fully support that, Warner.
You know that, right?Absolutely.But the thing is, if I'm gonna
be a senator by the time I'm 30,I need to stop dicking around.Oh, Warner... I completely agree.Well, that's why I think
it's time for us......Elle...- ...Pooh Bear...
- Yes?- I do.
- I think we should break up.What'?!I've been thinking about it,
and I think it's the right thing to do.You're breaking up with me?- I thought you were proposing.
- (chuckling) Proposing?Elle! If I'm gonna be a senator,well, I need to marry a Jackie,
not a Marilyn. (laughs)So you're breaking up with me
because I'm too... blonde?No. That's not entirely true.Then what? My boobs are too big?(murmuring)Your boobs are fine.So when you said you would always love
me, you were just dicking around?(Warner) Elle, I... I do love you. I...- (Elle sobbing)
- ...I just can't marry you.You have no idea the pressure
that I am under.My family has five
generations of senators.My brother's
in the top three at Yale Law,and he just got engaged
to a Vanderbilt, for Christ's sake!(Elle Screeching)Bad salad.Sweetie... Pooh Bear?(scoffs)It's not like I have
a choice here, sweetheart.OK, you get the car.
I'll get the check.(woman) I won't be having salad.(whimpering)Come on, let me take you home.No.Elle, believe me,
I never expected to do this.But I think it's the right thing.How can it be the right thing
when we're not together?I have to think of my future
and what my family expects of me.So you're breaking up with me because
you're afraid your family won't like me?- Everybody likes me.
- Well, East Coast people are different.Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt,
suddenly I'm white trash?I grew up in Bel Air, Warner,
across the street from Aaron Spelling.I think most people
would agree that's a lot betterthan some stinky old Vanderbilt.I told you, I need someone serious.Well, I'm seriously in love with you.- (sighs)
- Isn't that enough?Pooh Bear, just get in the car.No. (sniffles)You're gonna ruin your shoes.OK.Morning, Amy.Elle, it's Amy. I'm having trouble
with this whole lip-liner thing.Sweetie, didn't you hear?- Hear what?
- Oh... It's terrible. He dumped her.(woman on TV) Why me?Because you're not gonna remember
anything after tonight.(woman) Oh, you're wrong.I will remember; no matter what.And I’m never gonna lose you again.(man on TV) You couldn't.
You're a pad of me.I love you.Liar!Honey, you have to leave this room.It's been, like, a week.- So?
- Drink this.What's the one thing that always
makes us feel better, no matter what?She had eight grilled-cheese sandwiches.She just stuffed 'em in her mouth,
all at once. It was so sad.We thought she'd be
the first to walk down the aisle,and now she's totally adrift.Totally.(woman) She hasn't conditioned
her hair in a week.(woman 2) Maybe she's
going for the grunge look.(woman) And, like, her nails
are full-on chipped.(woman 2) So trailer park.(speaking Vietnamese)Oh, my God!- Do you know who this is?
- No.- That's Warner's older brother.
- Who?"Third-year Yale Law student,
Putnam Bowes Huntington IIIand his fiancee,
Layne Walker Vanderbilt,first year, Yale Law."(gasps) This is the type of girl
Warner wants to marry.This is what I need
to become to be serious.What? Practically deformed?No!A law student.Elle?Law school?It's a perfectly
respectable place, Daddy.Honey, you were first runner-upat the Miss Hawaiian Tropics contest.Why are you gonna throw that all away?Going to Harvard is the only way
I'm gonna get the love of my life back.Sweetheart, you don't need law school.Law school's for people
who are boring and ugly and serious.And you, button,
are none of those things.(sighs)- Harvard Law School?
- That's right.- But that's a top-three school.
- I have a 4.0.Yes. But your major
is fashion merchandising.Harvard won’t be impressed
that you aced History of Polka Dots.What are your backups?I don't need backups.
I'm going to Harvard.Well, then. You'll need excellent
recommendations from your professors.OK.- And a heck of an admissions essay.
- Right.And at least a 175 on your LSATs.I once had to judge a tighty-Whitey
contest for Lambda Kappa Pi.Trust me. I can handle anything.- Thanks.
- Welcome.Because I have a metrabolism.
I have a really high metrabolism.It's metabol...Oh, my God. What are you doing?Reading about the LSATs.My cousin had that.
You get a really bad rash on your...The LSATs are an exam.
Girls, I'm going to Harvard.- You mean, like, on vacay?
- Let's all go!Road trip!(both shrieking)No. I'm going to Harvard Law School.Why?Elle. Elle...I know you're upset about all this,
but can't you just take a Percocet?OK. Once Warner sees me as a serious
law student, he'll totally want me back.It's a completely brilliant plan.But isn't it hard
to get into law school?I have the highest GPA in Delta Nu.Oh, well. Here.
You're gonna need this.- Your scrunchie?
- My lucky scrunchie.It helped me pass Spanish.You passed Spanish because
you gave Professor Montoyaa lap dance after the final.Yeah. Luckily.(electronic dance music playing)Oh, hi.My name is Elle Woods,
and for my admissions essay,I’m gonna tell all of you at Harvard
why I’m gonna make an amazing lawyer.As president of my sorority,I’m skilled at commanding the
attention of a room,and discussing very important issues.It has come to my attention
that the maintenance staffis switching our toilet paper
from Charmin to generic.All those opposed to chafing, say “ayeAye'"A: Neither type of opera
or neither type of rap is on sale.B: Neither type of jazz
and neither type of opera is on sale.- C: Neither type of opera..."
- (men hollering)- Party!
- Delta Nu, we love you!Hey. Mm-mm.OK.I'm able to recall hundreds of
important details at the drop of a hat.Hey, Elle, do you know what happened
on Days of Our Lives yesterday?Why yes, Margot, I do.Once again, we joined Hope
in the search for her identity.She's been brainwashed
by the evil Stefano.- Three...
- Get set, and go!143.I feel comfortable
using legal jargon in everyday life.- (man whistles)
- (gasps) I object!Elle! It's here.The LSAT scores!(all chattering excitedly)(93595)179!(all cheering)179! 179!And that’s why you should vote for me, Elle Woods,future lawyer;
for the class of 2004.She does have a 4.0 from CULA,and she got a 179 on her LSATs.A fashion major?Well, sir, we've never had one before,and aren't we always
looking for diversity?Her list of extracurricular
activities is impressive.- She was in a Ricky Martin video.
- Clearly, she's interested in music.She also designed a line of......faux-fur panties
for her sorority's charity project.She's a friend to the animals,
as well as a philanthropist.Elle Woods.Welcome to Harvard.(J' Lisa Loeb
"We Could Still Belong Together")J' We could still belong togetherJ' And together is much betterJ' We're OK so, hey, don't worry nowJ' Oh, wowJ' We could still belong togetherJ' And together's so much betterJ' We're OK so, hey, don't worry nowJ' Oh, wowOh, Bruiser, it's so exciting.
Look! Harvard.- Are you excited?
- (barks)This is our new house
for the next three years.Oh, are you thirsty?OK, let's get you some water.Sweetheart, you just look perched.(man) Hey, Brad,
check out Malibu Barbie.Where's the beach, honey?(Elle) There you go. Good boy.Warner's gonna be so excited to see you.Guys, this way.- (man) This ain't LA!
- (Elle) Come on, Bruiser.Check it out. Look at the way she walks.It's gonna be so exciting.
Don't be soared, everyone will love you.Hi. Woods comma Elle.Class schedule, map, book list.Wait a second.
My social events calendar is missing.Your what?Social events.
You know, mixers, formals,clambakes, trips to the Cape.OK. Has Warner Huntington III
checked in yet?No.Maybe you should check with
the cruise director on the lido deck.OK. Welcome to law school.This is the pan where we
go around in a circleand everyone says
a little bit about themselves.Let's start with you.My name is David Kidney.I have a Master's
in Russian literature,a PhD in biochemistry, and......for the last 18 months,
I've been deworming orphans in Somalia.- Awesome. What about you?
- Hey. How you doin'? I'm Enid Wexler.Got a PhD from Berkeley
in women's studies,emphasis in the history of combat.Last year, I single-handedly organizedthe march for Lesbians
Against Drunk Driving.- Killer.
- Thanks. Good times.Aaron Mitchell. I graduated
first in my class from Princeton.-I have an IQ of 187.
- (both snort)It's been suggested that Stephen Hawking
stole his Brief History of Time......from my fourth-grade paper.Cool.- Me?
- Yeah.OK. Hi. I'm Elle Woods
and this is Bruiser Woods.We're both Gemini vegetarians.I have a bachelor's degree
in fashion merchandising from CULA.And I was a Zeta Lambda Nu Sweetheart,president of my sorority, Delta Nu,and last year I was Homecoming Queen.Oh! Two weeks ago
I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal,and I talked her out of buying
this truly heinous angora sweater.Whoever said orange was
the new pink was seriously disturbed.(Elle chuckles)Wish me luck, Bruiser.This is my first class
as a serious law student.I totally look the part.(whimpers)Hi.Hey.Elle?Warner?
I totally forgot you go here.What are you talking about?I'm sorry. Are you here to see me?No, silly. I go here.- You go where?
- Harvard. Law School.You got into Harvard Law?What, like it's hard?Oh, my gosh. It's gonna be so great.I'm planning this great mixer.
You totally have to help me.I’m thinking, like, a luau or maybe a casino night.This is gonna be just
like senior year, except for funner.Uh-huh.Oh, time to go. I have to go to class,but meet me after,
on the benches, OK? Bye!(woman) A legal education......means you will
learn to speak in a new language.You will be taught to achieve
insight into the world around you,and to sharply question what you know.The seat you have picked will be yoursfor the next nine months of your life!And those of you in the front row.... . beware."The law is reason free from passion."Does anyone know
who spoke those immortal words?Yes?Aristotle.- Are you sure?
- Yes.Would you be willing
to stake your life on it?I think so.What about...- OW!
- ...his life?- I don't know.
- Well......I recommend
knowing before speaking.The law leaves much room
for interpretation......but very little for self-doubt.And you were right.- It was Aristotle.
- (girl whispering) Good job.Now, I assume all of you
have read pages one through 48,and are now well-versed
in subject matter jurisdiction.Who can tell us
about Gordon v. Steele?Let's call on someone from the hot zone.(chuckling)Elle Woods?Oh... (laughing)Actually, I wasn't aware
that we had an assignment.Oh. (chuckling)Vivian Kensington.Do you think it's acceptable
that Ms. Woods is not prepared?No.I don't.Would you support my decision
to ask her to leave class,and to return only
when she is prepared?Absolutely.(huffs)Now, Ms. Kensington...Did diversity jurisdiction
exist in this case?No, it did not.Good. However, in the case of...(exasperated sigh)(splutters)Excuse me. Are you OK?Yeah.But do they put you on the spot
like that, like, all the time?The professors? Yeah, they tend
to do that. Socratic method.So, if you don't know the answer,
they're just gonna kick you out?- So you have Stromwell, huh?
- Yes! Did she do that to you too?No. But she did make me cry once.Not in class, I waited till
I got back to my room.But she'll kick you right in the ball...Or wherever, you know.But, yeah, she's tough. Really tough.Great.Don't worry, though. It gets better.
Who else do you have?CD 0 0 0 C 0 C CDYeah. Let's see.
Speak up in Callahan's class.He really likes people
that are opinionated.0 Ci) C) Ci) 0...try to get a seat in the back.He tends to spit when
he talks about products liability.And... for Levinthal,
make sure you read the footnotes,'cause that's where he gets
a lot of his exam questions from.Right.Wow. I'm really glad I met you.- Hey.
- Are you a third-year?- Well, I'm a...
- (Warner) Hey, Elle.Hi.- Thanks for all your help.
- Good luck.- Hi, Warner.
- Hi...So... (chuckles)- How was your first class?
- It was good,except for this horrible preppy girlwho tried to make me look bad in front
of the professor, but no biggie.You're here now.
So how was your summer?Good. It was good.Did you do anything exciting?(chuckling) Hey!Have... Have you met Viv... ian?Oh, hi. Vivian Kensington.- Do you know her?
- She's...I'm his fiancée.I'm sorry. I just hallucinated.What?Yeah... She...She was my girlfriend in prep school.Well, we got back together this summer
at my grandmother's birthday party.Warner told me all about you.You're famous at our club.But he didn't tell me you'd be here.Pooh Bear, I didn't know
she would be here.Excuse me.(loud rock music playing)- (tires screeching)
- (woman) Hey, watch out!Thank God!(indistinct shouting continues)(whimpering)(sniffling) Are you free?
It's an emergency.- Bad day?
- You can't even imagine.Spin.(breaking down) I worked
so hard to get into law school.I blew off Greek Week
to study for the LSATS.I even hired a Coppola
to direct my admissions video.All to get my boyfriend Warner back,and now he's engaged
to this awful girl, Vivian.So it was all for nothing, and I...
I just wish......I just wish I had
never gone to Harvard.- After you went to all that trouble.
- He's engaged.She's got the six-carat Harry Winston
on her bony, unpolished finger.What am I supposed to do?You're askin' the wrong girl.I mean, I'm with my guy eight years,
and then one day it's,"I met someone else. Move out."Oh, no. That's awful.Dewey kept the trailer
and my precious baby, Rufus.I didn't even get to throw him
a birthday party.No!I mean, what's a girl to do?He's a guy who followed
his pecker to greener pastures,and I'm a middle-aged
high school dropout......who's got stretch marks
and a fat ass.- That's terrible.
- Yeah. Happens every day.So what's this Vivian got
that you don't have?Three tits?(sighs) She's from Connecticut.
She belongs to his stupid country club.Is she as pretty as you?She could use some mascara
and some serious highlights, but......she's not completely
unfortunate-looking.Hello, ladies. How ya doin'?Sign here.Oh, look what I did.- See you later.
- Bye, sugar.Oh, shit.Could I have been
any more goddamn spastic?It's OK.Are you sure this Warner guy
is, like, the one?Definitely. I love him.Mmm...If a girl like you
can't hold on to her man,then there sure as hell
isn't any hope for the rest of us.What are you waitin' for?Steal the bastard back.I should warn you, that in addition
to competing against each otherfor the top grade in this class,you will also be competing
for one of my firm'shighly-coveted four internship
spots next year,where you will get
to assist on actual cases.Let the bloodbath begin.(all chuckling)Now, let's commence
with our usual torture.Ms. Woods.Would you rather have a client
who committed a crime malum in se,or malum prohibitum?- Neither.
- Why is that?I would rather have
a client who's innocent.(all laughing)Dare to dream, Ms. Woods.Ms. Kensington, which would you prefer?Malum prohibitum.Because then the client would've
committed a regulatory infraction,as opposed to a dangerous crime.(Callahan) Well done, Ms. Kensington.You've obviously done your homework.Now, let us look at malum prohibitum
a little more closely.It has been said...Yes, Ms. Woods?I changed my mind.
I'd pick the dangerous one,'cause I'm not afraid of a challenge.- (man) Hike!
- (all shouting)Who is that?Guys...- Hi!
- (man) Warner, do you know her?Hi.- Hi, everybody.
- Elle. What are you doing here?I've come to join your study group.
And look, I brought sustenance.- Who's first?
- Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Our group is full.- Oh, is this like an RSVP thing?
- No, it's like a smart-people thing.And, as Viv said, we're full.Come on, guys.
We can make room for one more.- OW!
- We've already assigned the outlines.The answer is no.OK. I'll just leave, then.(whispers) Bye.Hey, maybe there's, like, a sorority
you could, like, join instead, like...You know, if you had come
to a rush party,I would have at least been nice to you.Oh, is that before
you voted against me,then called me a dyke behind my back?- I don't use that word.
- (scoffs)You must have heard it from Vivian.(dialing)- (Margot) Hello?
- Hey, it's me.It's Elle!Guess what I'm doing right this second?(Elle) I don’t know. What?I'm picking out my wedding dress!- What?
- Josh proposed.Did you get the rock yet?Almost.Well, hurry up, so you can come home.
We miss you.(sighs) I miss you guys too.
The people here are so vile.- Hardly anybody speaks to me, unless...
- Oh, my God.I almost forgot to tell you.- What?
- I got bangs.- My hair is so ”now. ”
- Really?OK, so just listen to me.
Keep June 1st open.You're one of my bridesmaids.
And give Warner our love.Because I'm getting married!
I'm getting...- (fabric rips)
- (shrieks)(dial tone)So don't forget.
Eight o'clock at 45 Dunstan Street.It'll be a really nice party.Oh, and don't forget
to bring your own merlot.No way! Is somebody at this school
actually... having a party?YES.But it's a costume party.
You probably wouldn't wanna come.I love costume parties.Oh. Well, then,
I guess we'll see you there.OK.Oh. At 45 Dunstan Street. OK.(Bruiser growling)(J' Black Eyed Peas "Magic")Oh, my God!Hey.Thanks for inviting me, girls.
This party is super fun.- Nice outfit.
- Oh, I like your outfit, too.Except when I dress up
as a frigid bitch,I try not to look so constipated.(laughing)(huffs) She's horrible.You've got the ring, sweetie.How you doin'?(Enid) Warner! The English language
is all about subliminal domination.Take the word, "semester," OK?
This is a perfect exampleof this school's discriminatory
preference of semen to ovaries.That's why I'm petitioning
to have next term be referred toas the winter "ovester."Excuse me. Hey, Warner.Wow. Well, don't you look
like a walking felony?- Thank you. You're so sweet.
- (Enid) Ugh!- (chuckling) Are you having fun?
- I am now.What... What's with the costume?Oh. I just decided to dress up.Really?You know, I feel like we barely get to
see each other since we've been here.I know. I'm so busy
with these case studies and hypos.I know you mean.
I can't imagine doing all thisand Callahan's internship next year.This is gonna be so much.Oh, Elle...Come on, you're never
gonna get the gradesto qualify for one of those spots.You're not smart enough, sweetie.Wait. Am I on glue, or did we not
get into the same law school, Warner?- Well, yeah, but...
- But what?We took the same LSATs,
and we’re taking the same classes.I know. But come on, Elle, be serious.You can do something
more valuable with your time.I'm never gonna be
good enough for you, am I?- Elle, come on.
- Just forget it.(pop music playing)I'll show you how valuable
Elle Woods can be.(clears throat)- (sighs) Don't ask.
- Wasn't gonna.I love that sweater. It's Chanel.- Look.
- Is she carrying books?Thanks.So, you've filed a claim.What next?Ms. Woods?- Don't you need to have evidence?
- Meaning?Meaning you need reasonable beliefthat your claim should have, like,
evidentiary support?And what kind of evidentiary support
does this case require?(dog on TV) Yo quiero Taco Bell.(barking)Welcome back...In the article, you talk
about all sorts of things:corrupt cops. .. ..And the purpose
of diminished capacity is?To negate mens rea?Are you ready?(sighs) No.Yes. Yes, you are.Go. You can do this."Listen to me, Dewey.
You shut your mouth."No. "You shut your big mouth.""I'm doing all the talking."(TV chattering)(man laughing)What the hell do you want?
We're eatin' lunch.I just thought that...You just thought you could come and
show me what I'm definitely not missin'?(chuckling)That's not why I came by.Paulette, how many times you gonna
come here beggin' me to take you back?(Paulette) I was... I...- (Elle) Dewey Newcombe?
- Who's askin'?I'm Elle Woods,
Ms. Bonifante's attorney.And I'm here to discuss
the legal situation at hand.Come again?Do you understand
what subject matter jurisdiction is?- No.
-I didn't think so.Well, due to... habeas corpus,you and Ms. Bonifante
had a common law marriage,which, heretofore, entitles her
to what is legally referred toas "equitable division of the assets."Come again?Due to the fact that you've retained...
this residence......Ms. Bonifante is entitled
to full canine property ownership,and will be enforcing said ownership......right now.- Huh?
- Tell him, Paulette.I'm takin' the dog... dumbass!- (both laughing)
- (Elle) We did it!Come here.Oh, my gosh, did you see him?
He's probably still scratching his head.Which must be
a nice vacation for his balls.- (Rufus whimpers)
- Oh...Thank you.C) C) C -' 9- ISwinney, who was also
a private sperm donor,was allowed visitation rights
as long as he came to termswith the hours set forth by the parents.So, if we're sticking to past precedent,
I mean, Mr. Latimer wasn't stalking.He was clearly within his rights
to ask for visitation.But Swinney was
a one-time sperm donor.And, in our case, the defendant
was an habitual sperm donor,who also happens to be harassing
the parents in his quest for visitation.Well, yeah, but I mean,
without this man's sperm......the child in question wouldn't exist.Now you're thinking like a lawyer.Yes, Ms. Woods?Although Mr. Huntington
makes an excellent point,I have to wonder
if the defendant kept a thorough recordof every sperm emission
made throughout his life.(all chuckling)Interesting. Why do you ask?Well, unless the defendant attemptedto Contact every single
one-night standto determine if a child
resulted in those unions,he has no parental claim
over this child, whatsoever.Why now? Why this sperm?- I see your point.
- And for that matter,all masturbatory emissions where his
sperm was clearly not seeking an egg,could be termed reckless abandonment.I believe you've just won your case.- Ms. Woods, you did well today.
- Really?You're applying
for my internship, aren't you?- I don't know.
- Well, you should.- Do you have a résumé?
- Yes, I do.Here it is.- it's pink.
- Oh, and it's scented.I think it gives it a little
something extra, don't you think?OK. Well, see you next class.Do you think she woke up
one morning and said,"I think I'll go to law school today?"Well, that lapse in judgment aside,
I think she's got a lot of potential.Here's the Windham file.Smell this.- What's that?
- It's her résumé.It smells good.(Elle) What's going on?Callahan's firm
is defending a murder trial.His case load is so big,
he's taking on first-year interns.- He picked 'em already?
- (Vivian) I can't believe it, Warner!- We got it!
- Yes.That only leaves one for...(93595)Me!Yes!Oh, Warner.Do you remember when
we spent those four amazing hoursin the hot tub after Winter Formal?Yeah... No. (clears throat)This is so much better than that!Excuse me. I have some shopping to do.Four hours?(elevator dings)(Warner clears throat)You look very nice today, Vivian.- Thank you.
- You're welcome.We're defending Brooke Windham,
whose very wealthy husbandwas found shot dead
in their Beacon Hill mansion.- Gold-digger?
- You'd think so,since the stiff was 60,
but she was rich on her own.Some kind of fitness empire.You can buy her exercise tapes
on infomercials.Wait, are you
talking about Brooke Taylor?Maiden name, Taylor. You know her?She's a Delta Nu.
She wasn't in my pledge class.She graduated four years before me.But I used to take her class
at the Los Angeles Sports Club.She's amazing."Amazing?" How?She can make you lose
three pounds in one class.She's completely gifted.Well, in all likelihood,
she's completely guilty as well.She was seen standing
over her husbands body.By who?His 26-year-old daughter
and the pool boy.- Sorry I'm late. Excuse me.
- This is Emmett Richmond, an associate.Top three in his class
and former editor of Harvard Law Review.You've probably seen him lurking
around campus doing my research.Thanks for the introduction.(Warner) So, what about
the murder weapon?(Callahan) The gun is missing.Coroner said he'd been dead
30 minutes when the cops arrived,giving Brooke
plenty of time to stash it.I just don't think Brooke
could have done this.Exercise gives you endorphins.
Endorphins make you happy.Happy people just don't
shoot their husbands.They just don't.I didn't do it.I walked in. I saw my husband
lying on the floor.I bent down to check his heart,
screamed my head off,and then Enrique
and Chutney ran inside.OK, your stepdaughter
and the pool boy came in,where they saw you standing
over the body, covered in his blood.Why would I kill my husband?Insurance? A love affair?
Pure unadulterated hatred?Believe me, the DA will
come up with plenty of reasons.I loved him.He was 34 years older than you.That doesn't look so good to a jury.Then show them a picture of his dick.That might clear a few things up.Brooke, I believe you.But a jury is gonna want an alibi.Well, I can't give you that.And if you put me
on the stand, I'll lie.Well, then,
I guess we're done for today.- (door look buzzes)
- (door opens)(sighs)- Hey. I know you.
- Hi.I'm a Delta Nu.
And I'm a huge fan of yours.- You took my class in LA.
- Uh-huh.You had the best high kick
I've ever seen.- Are you one of my lawyers?
- Yeah, sort of.Well, thank God one of you has a brain.Let's go.(J' KC & The Sunshine Band
"That's The Way I Like it")I'm the only one that believes her.
Callahan totally thinks she's guilty.That's 'cause men
are big fat retards who don't...(door opens)- Afternoon, ladies.
- (whispering) it's him.Paulette Bonifante.Oh, my God.(whispering) He's coming over here.I've got a package.He's got a package.- How you doin' today?
- Fine.Take it easy.- See you later.
- (woman) Take it easy.(door closes)That's great, Paulette.Is this the only interaction
you two have ever had?No!Sometimes I say, "OK,"
instead of "fine."Why don't you offer him a cold beverage,
or a neck massage, or something?- Oh, come on, what's the point?
- Trust me. You have all the equipment.You just need to read the manual.Do you know what I'm saying?I'm gonna show a little maneuver
that my mother taught me in junior high.In my experience,
it has a 98 percent success rateof getting a man's attention and,
when used appropriately,it has an 83 percent rate
of return on a dinner invitation.Wow.It's called the "bend and snap."
Watch this.(gasps) I think I dropped something
that I need to pick up.So you bend......and snap. See?Come on. You try.Bend... and snap.OK...Yeah. A little less bend,
a little more snap.Like this?Good snap! Come on.You! Come on. You can do it.Bend... and snap.We can all do it. Come on, guys!(pop music playing)You're gonna bend... and snap.Now put your head into it.Bend... and snap.Bend... and snap.Good job!
A little attitude, please.Now, everybody, smile.
That's very important.Pump! Pump, pump!Bend... and snap.Good job, everybody.Work it out! Work it out!Wow!Come on, Paulette.Bend... and snap.Oh, my God. The bend and snap.
Works every time.Well, if Brooke didn't kill the guy,
then who did?My money is on
the angry daughter or the ex-wife.Chutney has a trust fund.She didn't need the insurance payoff
or the inheritance.- What about the mother?
- Covered. She was in Aspen.Vivian, get me some plum sauce.Ten people saw her downing
cosmopolitans at the Caribou Club.- All I know is that it's not Brooke.
- That's touching. But we need an alibi.(Elle) I brought you some necessities.
Some Calvin Klein 720-count sheets,the entire Clinique skincare line,some aromatherapy candles, a loofah....Oh!And... the bible.You're an angel.So how are you? Are you all right?You look so... orange.(sighs) I'm just glad that it's you
and not Callahan.He means well. He's very brilliant.He better be,
for what I'm paying for him.I have to tell you
the real reason I came here.Professor Callahan says
we really, really need your alibi.Elle, I can't.- I mean, you don't understand.
- Who could understand better than me?It's so shameful.Whatever it is, Brooke,
it could save you.No, that's just it.
It would ruin me.How?I've made my fortune on the ability
to perfect women's bodieswith Brooke's butt-buster workout.- You helped me go from a six to a four.
- That's great!On the day of Heyworth's murder...(whispers indistinctly)What?I was getting...- Huh?
- Liposuction!- (93595)
- Oh, God!- No!
- I know! I'm a fraud!But it's not like normal women
can have this ass!If my fans knew that I bought it,
I would lose everything.I've already lost my husband.I'd rather go to jail
than lose my reputation.Brooke......your secret's safe with me.Thank you.Vivian, grab me some coffee.We got two interviews tomorrow that Gerard and Bobby are gonna handle,and the ex-wife in an hour.According to this Communiqué
from the prison,our client apparently
had a visit from her sister.A Miss Delta Nu.- Anyone you know?
- Yes. I went to visit her.What the hell do you mean,
you "went to visit her"?I went to get her alibi.- Did you get it?
- Mm-hmm. It's really good.Well, great. What is it?- Oh, I can't tell you.
- Why the hell not?Because I promised her
I'd keep it a secret.And I can't break
the bonds of Sisterhood.Screw Sisterhood!This is a murder trial,
not some scandal at the sorority house.I want the alibi.I can't give it to you.
But I can tell you she is innocent.Mr. Callahan, Mrs. Windham
Vandermark is on line two for you.Someone reason with her
while I take this.Are you crazy?
Just tell him the alibi.- No!
- We'll lose the case if you don't.Then we're not very good lawyers.If you tell him, he'll probably
hire you as a summer associate.Who cares about Brooke?
Think about yourself.- I gave her my word, Warner.
- So what?The ex-wife seems to be unconcernedwith the fact that
her interview is today.- She's at a spa in the Berkshires.
- A spa.Isn't that kind of like
your mother ship?I could go if you want me to.- Emmett.
- Yeah?- Go with her.
- OK.- She seems completely untrustworthy.
- Why?This is a person who's made her
living by telling women they're too fat.Brooke would never
tell a woman that she was too fat.And she seems to me
like she's hiding something.- Maybe it's not what you think.
- Maybe it's exactly what I think.You know,
you're really being a butthead.A butthead?
Why would you call me that?You just need to have a little more
faith in people. You might be surprised.I can't believe you just
called me a butthead.No one's called me that
since about the ninth grade.(chuckles) Maybe not to your face.So this is what a spa looks like.
Wow. How do we find her?- I called ahead. She's in the mud room.
- She's not... naked, is she?Mrs. Windham Vandermark?So, you found me.Yes. We're from Austen,
Platt, Jaret & Callahan.We're here to ask you a few questions.So, I hear that that little tart
from California shot poor Heyworth.Well, that's what we're trying
to prove didn't happen.Do you have any reason
to believe that it did?Well, I've never actually met the woman.But my daughter tells me
she can be quite the little bitch.Now, did your daughter
ever mention anything to youabout the relationship
between Brooke and Heyworth?Well, she did say that
they humped like gorillas.I guess it wasn't enough,
though, for Brooke.- Why do you say that?
- Well... (chuckles)Haven't you seen the cabana boy?- She's lying.
- And you know this for a fact?Did you see the icky brown
color of her hair?So? Now you discriminate
against brunettes?(Elle) Why shouldn't I?
I'm discriminated against as a blonde.(Emmett) You know, being a blonde
is actually a pretty powerful thing.You hold more cards
than you think you do.I personally would like
to see you take that powerand channel it
towards the greater good.- Thanks. I'll see you tomorrow.
- All right.- Hey.
- Yeah?How do you think I'd look as a blond?Hmm... I'm not sure you could handle it.- Bye.
- Bye.(David) So I called
your room last night.(woman) I heard.I was thinking maybe
we could go out sometime.(woman) No. You're a dork.(David) I'm in... law school.Look, I'm not gonna go out with you.I can't believe you'd even ask.Girls like me don't go out
with losers like you.Let's get out of here.Excuse me.- Why didn't you call me?
- What?We spent a beautiful night together,
and I never hear from you again?I'm sorry?Sorry for what? For breaking my heart?Or for giving me the greatest
pleasure I've ever knownand then just taking it away?Both?Well, forget it. I've already spent
too many hours crying over you.So... when did you wanna go out?(exhales)- (knocking on door)
- Come in.Are you done with that deposition yet?Oh, yeah. Here, take it.
I've read it, like, 20 times.OK.You know, Elle...I still can't believe you
didn't tell Callahan the alibi.It's not my alibi to tell.I know. And I thought
that was very......classy of you.- Really?
- Sure.Thanks.Did you ever notice how Callahan never
asks Warner to bring him his coffee?I mean, he's asked me
at least ten times.Well, men are helpless. You know that.I know.
Warner doesn't do his own laundry.- I know. He has to have it sent out.
- (laughing) I know.Did you know, when he first applied...- ...he got wait-listed?
- What?His father had to make a call.- You're kidding.
- Mm-mm!(Elle laughing) No way!Oh, God.
That is such a precious dog. Hi.His name is Bruiser.
Do you wanna hold him?- He's very friendly.
- Sure.Look, he likes you.Oh, he's giving me kisses.(man) Thanks, Jeff.We're here today covering
the trial of Brooke Windham.You may remember, she's charged
with the murder of her husband,Boston millionaire Heyworth Windham.First to testify are the victim's
daughter and ex-wife.(man) Superior Court
of Suffolk County is now in session.The Honorable Judge
Marina R. Bickford presiding.You may be seated.And where was she exactly?Standing over my father's dead body.And what was the defendant doing?She was sitting
next to the pool, topless......while the Latin boy
handed her a drink.Mr. Salvatore,
can you tell us what this is?My uniform.This is the uniformthat Mrs. Windham asked you
to wear while cleaning her pool?YES.And are you, or are you not,
having an affair with Brooke Windham?Define "affair."Have you and Mrs. Windham
had sexual relations?Yes. OK? Yes.Ladies and gentlemen, court will
reconvene tomorrow morning at 9 am.We're adjourned.You know a Delta Nu
would never sleep with a man- who wears a thong.
- Never!I just liked watching him
clean the filter.I know. I believe you, Brooke.- Take care of me, Elle.
- I will.(soul music playing)I got a big one for you.Can you sign?I got it.(grunts)- You broke his nose?
- (Paulette) Oh, l blew it, Elle.My snap was all over the place.I'll be there when court is out.
We have to cross-examine Enrique.But my girlfriend, Serena,
once barfed on a guyduring The Blair Witch Project, and
they ended up dating for three months.- Really? All right. Bye-bye.
- OK, bye.Don't stomp your little
last-season Prada shoes at me, honey.They're not last season.(93595)Emmett.He's gay. Enrique is gay.What?Warner, what kind of shoes are these?- (clears throat) Black ones.
- See?- What are you talking about?
- He's gay. He isn't Brooke's lover.- He's making it up.
- (Emmett) Wait. Back up.- How do you know that he's gay?
- Gay men know designers.- Straight men don't.
- You know what?He did leave a Cher tape
in the pool house one time.While I appreciate
your masterful legal theory,I have a murder trial to attend to.- Emmett.
- OK.- I'll take care of it. Thanks.
- OK.(man) Court will come to order.Mr. Salvatore, do you have any proofthat you and Mrs. Windham
were having an affair?Only the love in my heart.Well, if that's all the proof that he
has, Your Honor, I think I'm done here.- You may step down.
- I'd like to ask a couple of questions.Just give me a couple of minutes.Did you ever take
Mrs. Windham on a date?- Yes.
- Where?A restaurant in Concord,
where no one could recognize us.How long have you been
sleeping with Mrs. Windham?- Three months.
- And your boyfriend's name is?- Chuck.
- Right.(all gasping)Silence! Silence!- Pardon... Pardon me.
- Yes, Mr. Salvatore?I was confused.I thought you said "friend,"
Chuck is just a friend.- Oh, OK.
- You bitch!- (all exclaiming)
- (gavel rapping)Chuck, wait!Silence in my court.
Sit down, Mr. Salvatore.Silence in my courtroom!(woman) How did I miss that?(Bickford) Silence in my courtroom.- Thanks.
- Wow.- Good night.
- Good night.Oh, Elle. Callahan asked
to see you before you leave.- Really?
- Yeah, you know, he has his coffee,but maybe he needs a donut.(both laughing)- Do you need help?
- No, I'm fine.OK. Bye.Come on in.- Hi.
- Hi.- Sit down.
- OK.Is everything all right?You followed your intuition today,
and you were right on target.- I should have listened.
- Thank you.- About the alibi.
- I'm sorry...I'm impressed that you took
the initiative to go there and get it.That's what makes a good lawyer.On top of that, you gained
the client's trust and kept it.That's what makes a great lawyer.You're smart, Elle.Smarter than most
of the guys on my payroll.Wow.I think it's time
to discuss your career path.Have you thought about
where you might be a summer associate?Oh... not really.
I know it's very competitive.Well, you know what
competition’s really about, don’t you?It's about ferocity. Carnage.Balancing human intelligence
with animal diligence.Knowing exactly what you want......and how far you'll go to get it.How far will Elle go?- Are you hitting on me?
- You're a beautiful girl.- So everything you just said...
- I'm a man who knows what he wants.And I'm a law student who just realized
her professor is a pathetic asshole.Too bad. I thought you were
a law student who wanted to be a lawyer.(elevator dings)- You almost had me fooled.
- What?Maybe you should sleep
with the jury too.Then we can win the case.- Hey.
- I'm quitting.- Why?
- Law school was a mistake.This whole internship was a mistake!What are you talking about?
You earned it.I didn't earn anything, Emmett.Callahan only gave me that internship
because he liked the way I looked.Which he made clear tonight
when he tried to feel me up.Callahan did what?Just forget it.
I'm going back to LA.No more boring suits,
no more pantyhose.No more trying
to be something that I'm just.......I'm just not.What if you're trying
to be somebody you are?I mean, the hell with Callahan.Stay.Call me if you're
ever in California, OK?What's the point
in staying, Paulette? I mean...All people see when they look at me
is blonde hair and big boobs.No one's ever gonna take me seriously.People at law school don't.
And Warner doesn't.I don't even think
my own parents take me seriously.It just felt like, for the first time,
that someone expected me to......to do something more with my lifethan just become
a Victoria's Secret model.But I was just kidding myself.Callahan never saw me as a lawyer,
he just saw me as a piece of ass.Just like everybody else.Turns out I am a joke.No, you're not a joke.(sniffling)The hell with law school.
I just wanted to say goodbye.If you're going to let
one stupid prick ruin your life.......you're not the girl
I thought you were.(door opens, closes)(man) Did you go in there knowing howyou were going
to discredit Mr. Salvatore?Absolutely. it's a little thing
I like to call "strategy. ”You know, I had a feeling...Is he always such an ass?He's the top defense attorney
in the state.Of course he's an ass.Fine, but is he an ass
that's gonna win my case?Well, he's an ass that's gonna try.- He thinks I'm guilty, doesn't he?
- That's not what's important.If he doesn't trust me,
why should I trust him?Ask Elle. She looked pretty cozy
with him last night.No. You don't even know what
the hell you're talking about.What's going on here?- Elle quit.
- What?Yeah. Callahan hit on her, so she quit.Oh, my God. Scumbag.- Oh, God.
- What?I feel terrible. I made a huge mistake.Well, maybe there's something
we can do about it.Thank you.What are you so happy about?
You're on trial for murder.Get up.- What?
- You're fired.I have new representation.Who?- Excuse you. You're in my way.
- She's a student. She can't defend you.Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court Ruling 3.03.See?- Thank you, David.
- Counselors, approach the bench.- You're not going up there.
- Oh, yes, I am.I'm sorry. Maybe you
didn't hear me. You're fired.Counselors, now! All of you.Elle Woods, Your Honor.Rule 3.03 of Supreme Judicial Court
states that a law studentmay appear on behalf
of a defendant in criminal proceedingsYour Honor,
I have no problem with this.- I do. I'm not allowing it.
- But you agreed last night.In your office,
when we were discussing my career?The ruling also states that you need
a licensed attorney to supervise you.- Mr. Callahan?
- That I won't agree to.I'll supervise, Your Honor.Well, then, Ms. Woods, proceed.Thank you, Your Honor.(chuckling)- Hi.
- Hi.Enjoy prison.Mrs. Windham,
you do realize what you're doing?Absolutely.- Oh, my God. There she is. Elle!
- Elle, we came to see your trial.Oh, look, how cute! There's, like,
a judge and everything. And jury people.- Vote for Elle!
- Ladies, take a seat.Go, girl.Do you swear to tell the whole truth and
nothing but the truth, so help you God?- I do.
- Be seated.Ms. Woods, you may
begin your questioning.First of all, I would like
to point out that,not only is there
no proof in this case,but there's a complete
lack of mens rea,which, by definition,
tells us that there can be no crimewithout a... vicious will.I am aware of the meaning of mens rea.What I'm unaware of is why
you're giving me a vocabulary lessonwhen you should be
questioning your witness.Yes, Your Honor.Ms. Windham...When you arrived back at the house......was your father there?Not that I saw. But like I said,I went straight upstairs
to take a shower.And... when you came downstairs,
what happened?I saw Brooke standing over his body......drenched in his blood.- But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun?
- No, she'd stashed it by then.Move to strike that
from the record, Your Honor.- It's speculation.
- So stricken.Go ahead.Ms. Windham, did you hear a shot fired?No. I was in the shower.OK.So... sometime in the 20 minutesthat you were in the shower......your father was shot?I guess.Your father was shot
while you were in the shower......but you didn't
hear the shot because......because you were in the shower?Yes. I was washing my hair.- (barks)
' (93595)- Where is she going with this?
- Have a little faith, Gerard.Ms. Windham,
what had you done earlier that day?I got up, got a latte,went to the gym,
got a perm and came home.Where you got in the shower?I believe the witness has made it
clear that she was "in the shower."(all chuckling)Yes, Your Honor.Ms. Windham,
had you ever gotten a perm before?- Yes.
- How many, would you say?Two a year since I was 12.You do the math.You know, a girl in my sorority,
Tracy Marcinko, got a perm once.We all tried to talk her out of it.
Curls weren't a good look for her.She didn't have your bone structure.Aww.But thankfully, that same day,she entered the Beta Delta Pi
wet T-shirt contest,where she was completely
hosed down from head to toe.Objection! Why is this relevant?- I have a point. I promise.
- Then make it.Yes, ma'am.Chutney, why were Tracy Marcinko's
curls ruined when she got hosed down?- Because they got wet.
- Exactly.Because isn't it the first cardinal
rule of perm maintenancethat you're forbidden
to wet your hair for at least 24 hoursafter getting a perm
at the risk of deactivating-the ammonium thioglycolate?
- Yes...And wouldn't somebody who's had,
say 30 perms before in their lifebe well aware of this rule?And if you weren't washing your hair,
as I suspect you weren't,because your curls are still intact,
wouldn't you have heard the gunshot?And if, in fact, you had heard the
gunshot, Brooke Windhamwouldn't have had time to hide
the gun before you got downstairs,which would mean that you would've
had to have found Mrs. Windhamwith a gun in her hand to make
your story plausible. Isn't that right?She's my age, did she tell you that?How would you feel if your father
married someone your age?You, however, had time to hide the gun,
didn't you, Chutney?- After you shot your father.
- I didn't mean to shoot him!I thought it was you
walking through the door!(crowd exclaiming)Order! Order! Order.- Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God.Oh, my God.Bailiff, take the witness into custody,where she will be charged
for the murder of Heyworth Windham.In the matter of
The State v. Brooke Windham,this case is dismissed.Mrs. Windham, you are free to go.Yes!(all cheering)- How did you know Chutney was lying?
- Because she's brilliant, of course.The rules of hair care
are simple and finite.Any Cosmo girl would've known.Elle! Elle. Elle. Elle.What?I just wanted to say that you were......so brilliant in there.And that... I was wrong.And... you are the girl for me.- Really?
- Yes.Pooh Bear......I love you.Oh, Warner.I've waited so long
to hear you say that.But if I'm gonna be a partner in
a law firm by the time I'm 30,I need a boyfriend who's
not such a complete bonehead.Thank you, boys.(Stromwell) Ladies and gentlemen,
I present the graduatesof Harvard Law School. Class of 2004.I am personally very honoredto introduce this year's
class-elected speaker.After getting off to a quite
interesting start here at Harvard,she graduates today
with an invitation to joinone of Boston's
most prestigious law firms.I am sure we are going
to see great things from her.Ladies and gentlemen, Elle Woods.(applause cheering)On our very first day at Harvard,
a very wise professor quoted Aristotle."The law is reason free from passion."Well, no offense to Aristotle,
but in my three years at Harvard,I have come to find
that passion is a key ingredientto the study and practice
of law... and of life.It is with passion, courage of
conviction, and strong sense of selfthat we take our next
steps into the world,remembering that first
impressions are not always correct.You must always have faith in people......and most importantly......you must always
have faith in yourself.Congratulations, class of 2004.We did it!(J' Hoku "Perfect Day")J' Sun's up
It's a little after 12J' Make breakfast for myselfJ' Leave the work for someone elseJ' People sayJ' They say that it's just a phaseThey tell me to act my ageJ Well, I amJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing's standin' in my wayJ' On this perfect dayJ' When nothing can go wrongJ' On this perfect dayJ' Wake upDon’t tell me it’s just a dreamJ' 'Cause when I've had enoughYou’ll hear me sayJ' Now don't you try to rain on myJ' Perfect dayJ' Nothing's standin' in my wayJ' On this perfect dayJ' Nothing can go wrongJ' It's a perfect dayJ' On this perfect dayJ' On this perfect day J'(J' Superchic(k) "One Girl Revolution")(J' Samantha Mumba "Don't Need
You To (Tell Me I'm Pretty)")