♫ I have a dream ♪♪ A song to sing ♪♪ To help me cope ♪♪ With anything ♪♪ If you see the wonder ♪♪ Of a fairy tale ♪♪ You can take the future ♫Even if you fail.Sam Carmichael.Bill Anderson.Harry Bright.Gentlemen, I have to go.Thank you very much. Take care.Morning, Rodney.Taxi!JFK, please, as quick as you can.Oh, my God! Oh, my God!I missed you. Oh, no...- We're...
- We're...Sophie, Ali, Lisa!
We're the greatest, bestest mates!- I'm tough.
- I'm tall.- I'm tiny.
And we're gonna rock this place.- Sophie, it's beautiful.
- I want one.He did well, didn't he?I'm getting married tomorrow.I'm so glad you're here,because I have a secret
and I can't tell anybody else.- Sophie, you're knocked up?
- No! No! No!I've invited my dad to my wedding.You are joking!- You found him at last?
- No! No, no, no, no, no, not exactly.Okay. You know what my mom always said
when I asked about my father.It was a summer romance,and he'd gone long before she realised
that she was expecting me.And I'd always kind of accepted that
that's all I'd ever know.Well, I was ransacking some old trunks
and I found this.It's the diary she kept
the year she was pregnant with me.Sophie!"July 17th. What a night!"- I don't know if I want to hear this!
- I do!"Sam rowed me over to the little island."That's here. That's Kalokairi."We danced on the beach,
and we kissed on the beach,"and dot, dot, dot."What?"Dot, dot, dot."
That's what they did in the olden days.Stop it!"Sam's the one. I know he is."I've never felt like this before."♫ Honey, honey ♪♪ How he thrills me ♪
♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ Nearly kills me ♪
♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ I've heard about him before ♪♪ I wanted to know some more ♪♪ And now I know what they mean ♪♪ He's a love machine ♪♪ Oh, he makes me dizzy ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪
♪ Let me feel it ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪
♪ Don't conceal it ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ The way that you kiss good night ♪♪ The way that you kiss me good night ♪♪ The way that you hold me tight ♪♪ The way that you're holding me tight ♪♪ I feel like I wanna sing ♪♪ When you do your thing ♫- So this guy Sam's your father!
- The plot thickens."All this time, Sam's been telling me
he loves me,"and now he's announced
that he's engaged,"so he's gone home to get married,"and I'm never going to see him again."Poor Donna."August 4th. What a night!"Bill rented a motorboat,
and I took him over to the little island."- Bill? Sophie, wait.
- Hang on."Though I'm still obsessed with Sam,"Bill's so wild. He's such a funny guy."One thing led to another,"and dot, dot, dot.""August 11th.
Harry turned up, out of the blue,"so I said I'd show him the island."He's so sweet and understanding,
I couldn't help it and- "dot, dot, dot!"
- Dot, dot, dot!- Oh, my God!
- Here come the bridesmaids.Donna!Look at you!God! Stop growing!- You sound like you're having fun already.
- Oh, we are.I used to have fun.Oh, we know!♫ Honey, honey ♪
♪ Touch me, baby ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪
♪ Hold me, baby ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ You look like a movie star ♪♪ But I love just who you are ♪♪ And, honey, to say the least ♪♪ You're a doggone beast ♫Bugger!My sentiments exactly.So, who is your dad?- Sam, Bill or Harry?
- I don't know.But which one did you invite?- Oh, my God!
- Oh, my God!- Do they know?
- What would you write to a total stranger?"Please come to my wedding,
you might be my father"? No.They think that Mom sent the invites,
and with what's in here,no surprise they said yes!♫ Honey, honey ♪
♪ How you thrill me ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪
♪ Nearly kill me ♪♪ Honey, honey ♪♪ I'd heard about you before ♪♪ I wanted to know some more ♪♪ And now I'm about to see ♪♪ What you mean to me ♫I'm trying to get to Kalokairi.
When's the next ferry?- What?
- Monday.- Bollocks!
- Yeah, my sentiments exactly.Bride or groom?Bride, although I've actually never met her.Ahoy, there.You guys need a ride to Kalokairi?Excuse me, coming through.
I have a senior citizen with me. Thank you.My mother needs a perch.Mother? We're the same age.Yeah. Well, parts of us are.Sailor.No.Oh, he has your book!Stavros, Stavros.Stavros.It's just a fish.You are so clever.We're going to look fabulous tomorrow.I want the perfect wedding,
and I want my father to give me away.Better be a wide aisle.I will know my father as soon as I see him.Sky! Come here, gorgeous.Put me down.
I'm getting married tomorrow.Please be careful.So?
There are pins in the dresses.What do you think?Oh, yes!"Oh, yes." If you had your way,it'd be a three-minute wedding
in jeans and T-shirts,washed down with a bottle of beer.You make me sound so unromantic!I just thought we should save
our money for travelling.Well, we're not going anywhere yet.Anyway, please leave. We're very, very busy.I'm just getting some props for tonight.For his bachelor party.Why haven't you told him
you've invited your dads?Because he would say that
I'd have to tell my mom.Donna's absolutely gonna kill you
when she finds out.By the time she finds out, it'll be too late.I feel like there's a part of me missing,and when I meet my dad,everything will fall into place.More open!
I'm on it. I'm on it.That's good.That's it.Come on, Cleopatra.My shoe!Will you look at what the tide washed in?- For one night.
- And one night only.- Donna and the Dynamos!
- Donna and the Dynamos!Look at you!- You baby!
- Look at you!You look fantastic!You look like an old hippie!She looks fab.These are new, though.
Where did you get these?Husband number three!- Dynamos! Dynamite!
- Dynamos! Dynamite!Sleep all day and...All night!So, any men at this wedding?Gorgeous Greeks of independent means?Here we go! Husband number four!- No! Not for me, for her!
- He's coming!For her, now that her book is a bestseller,and she's got the whole world
stuffing, what,mushrooms? Various vegetables?It's time to find Mr Right!Oh, please. Boring!Great couple of role models
you two are for Sophie!A serial bride and a little hermit over here!That's me! I'm a lone wolf!So, when are the lovebirds
flying the nest?Oh, God! Who knows?You know, I do not know what is going on
in that child's head sometimes.She wants a big white wedding, andshe and Sky are making
all kinds of plans for the hotel.Sometimes I think they'll never leave.Yeah, but do you really want her to?Well, I want what's best for her.Of course not!Sky! Come meet my backup girls.Backup girls, my ass!
Backup girls, my ass!He's the leading man at tomorrow's shindig.The lucky man.
- Hello.- You must be Rosie.
- I am.- How are you?
- Very well.And you must be Tanya.- I've heard so much about you.
- All bad, I hope.- Yes.
- And all true.Donna... Here, let me get them.I know who you are.
You're Bill Anderson, aren't you?♫ - Bloke in a Boat in Botswana. ♫
- Yes, I am.You know, your books are a godsend
on dull business trips.Now, I may look like I'm pondering
my securities, but in reality,I'm trekking across
some remote corner of the planet.You should try it for real sometime.No, certainly, I'll never be
the spontaneous adventurer.- You're a close friend of Donna's?
- No, I haven't heard from her for 20 years.Really?
- And then this invite, out of the blue.You know, that's a coincidence,
neither had I.- Going about!
- You got it!Right. Wait...
I've got it. Fine. Fine.You should have brought
the iron lung.Why did I wear stilettos?- Oxygen.
- Oh, my God!- Auntie Rosie!
- Hey, hey!- Look at Sophie. She's gotten so beautiful!
- I know.Come here to me.Sophie Sheridan, you get more gorgeous
every time I see you. You do.- I bet you don't remember me.
- Not with all that plastic surgery.Of course I do, Auntie Tanya.
You haven't changed at all.- I'm so happy for you.
- Look at my baby,her whole life ahead of her.Oh, please, I'm getting married.
I'm not joining a convent!- She's feisty. I love that.
- Yeah.She's a chip off the old block.If she were more like me,
she wouldn't be getting married at 20.Or married at all.I meant to get the laundry down
before you came.Tanya's going home!And you'd think with all this
new technology,they would figure out a machine
that would make the beds.And if they did,
you'd be going along behind it,making them again.I know you, Mom.But I am good at modern...
Tell them about the Internets.- He's gonna put me on the line.
Online.I'm designing a website.I just think this place has so much potential,
and no one knows we're here.So, if I market it really, really well, then,
hopefully, people will come flooding in.We just want this to be
the ultimate romantic destination.This was once supposed to be
the site of Aphrodite's fountain,you know, the goddess of love.
And if you drank the water,you were supposed to find true love
and perfect happiness.- I'll have a glass of that.
- Yeah, I'll have a bucket.♫ Aphrodite's spa? ♫Well, I thought you didn't want
boatloads of tourists.Oh, no, not boatloads, no.But, you know, a few more would be nice.Okay, now, the thing about the toilet,if it doesn't flush right away, just go
and come back in a while, and it should...Nothing works around here, except for me.I've been running this hotel for 15 years,
and I have never had a day off.Oh, my God! Sorry.♫ I work all night ♪
♪ I work all day ♪♪ To pay the bills I have to pay ♪♪ Ain't it sad? ♪♪ And still there never seems to be ♪♪ A single penny left for me ♫Don't sit down there.♫ That's too bad ♫It's broken.♫ In my dreams ♪
♪ I have a plan ♪♪ If I got me a wealthy man ♪♪ I wouldn't have to work at all ♪♪ I'd fool around and have a ball ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Must be funny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Always sunny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ All the things I could do ♪♪ If I had a little money ♪♪ It's a rich man's world ♪♪ It's a rich man's world ♪♪ A man like that is hard to find ♪♪ But I can't get him off my mind ♪♪ Ain't it sad? ♪♪ And if he happens to be free ♪♪ I bet he wouldn't fancy me ♪♪ That's too bad ♪♪ So I must leave ♪
♪ I have to go ♪♪ To Las Vegas or Monaco ♪♪ And win a fortune in a game ♪♪ My life will never be the same ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Must be funny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Always sunny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ All the things I could do ♪♪ If I had a little money ♪♪ It's a rich man's world ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Must be funny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ Money, money, money ♪♪ Always sunny ♪♪ In a rich man's world ♪♪ All the things I could do ♪♪ If I had a little money ♪♪ It's a rich man's world ♪♪ It's a rich man's world ♫What's going on?Do you feel it?The earth moved, darling.
We're falling apart here.Don't think about it, come on.
Let's go have fun.Tanya's packed for a world tour.Oh, Donna. Donna!Does she wear it or floss with it?Floss you.Is it edible, Tanya?Listen to this."The world's most luxurious moisturiser"contains flakes of 24-carat gold"and extracts of donkey testicle."You're just jealous.At a thousand dollars a dollop.Tell you, that's the price you have to payif you wanna drink before 11:00
in the morning.- And we do.
- We do.Hi.May I help you?Sure, we're here for the wedding.- I'm Bill Anderson.I'm Bright, Harry Bright.Sam Carmichael.You are expecting us?Oh, my God. Yes!You're not Donna's daughter?I thought you looked familiar.Sofia.- It's Sophie.
- Well, Sofia is the Greek.Well, I'm named after a Sofia.I used to have a great-aunt
living on the mainland named Sofia.Would you mind if we see our rooms
before we see your mother?Sure.It's just that I'd quite like to freshen up
before the big reunion.No! No! I mean, yes,but come this way.Come on!Oh, my God!I got a crack in my courtyard.
I gotta go fix it.- Hey, listen, Donna? Donna.
- I'm serious. Move.Sit down!- She won't let me go!
- I know...I know you're going to make
a fortune with web's...- "With web's..."
- With Sky's site.I know you're gonna make a fortune with- Sky's website, but...
- It's good.Are you gonna be okay until then?I think Tanya is offering to pawn her bling.- No, seriously, Donna...
- Oh, my God.- Do you need a loan?
- No, sweet.Oh, God, I'm just whining, you know me.I don't need to be taken care of.Yeah, but are you being taken care of?- What do you mean?
- Are you getting any?Oh, you mean...Down, boy, down, boy.
No, it takes too much energy.Yeah. Just more plumbing
to be maintained, isn't it?Yeah.Oh, God, I'm so glad
that whole part of my life is over.You know, seriously.I do not miss it at all.Then it's just right here. Good.Where's Donna? Hey! Okay.Up you go.You know,I don't want to seem ungrateful
for the scenic tour,but might I be shown my room now?Well, don't hold your breath, Harry,
but I think this is your room.Can we see Donna now?I sent the invites.My mom doesn't know anything.Well, she's done so much for me,
and she's always talking about you guysand the good old days, andI thought, what an amazing surprise for herthat you are all gonna be at my wedding.Hang on, Sophie.I can't be here.The last time I saw your mother,she said she never wanted to see me again.That was years ago.
Please, it would mean a lot to me.- Why?
Listen, I can see that you've beento a great deal of trouble.Might I suggest that we all reconvene
on your boat?- Good idea.
- Nope.- Why?
- It's an adventure, Harry.- It's good for you.
- Oh, I see.Okay, when I sent the invites,
it was a long shot that you'd even reply.And now you've come all this way
for a wedding.Surely there must have been
some special reason for you to be here.Like some siren call, maybe?You're a little minx, you know that?
You're just like your mother.I'm glad my boys haven't met you.
They'd never recover.- You have sons?
- Yes, two.And someday, I'd like to bring them here.Like you used to bring my mother?- No.
- It's Donna.No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Listen, listen, she can't know.I'm going to go. Please stay.Promise me that you'll not tell anybody
that I invited you.Okay? Promise?- You got it, baby.
- It's a promise.- I might regret it, but okay.
- Okay.There wouldn't, by any chance,
happen to be a trouser presson the island, would there?Harry?Bill?♫ I was cheated by you ♪♪ And I think you know when ♪♪ So I made up my mind ♪♪ It must come to an end ♪♪ Look at me now ♪♪ Will I ever learn? ♪♪ I don't know how ♪♪ But I suddenly lose control ♪♪ There's a fire within my soul ♪♪ Just one look and ♪
♪ I can hear a bell ring ♪♪ One more look and ♪
♪ I forget everything ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Here I go again ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ How can I resist you? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Does it show again? ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ Just how much I've missed you ♪♪ Yes, I've been broken-hearted ♪♪ Blue since the day we parted ♪♪ Why, why ♪
♪ did I ever let you go? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Now I really know ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ I should not have let you go ♪♪ I was angry and sad ♪♪ When I knew we were through ♪♪ I can't count all the times ♪♪ I have cried over you ♪♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Will I ever learn? ♪♪ I don't know how ♪♪ But I suddenly lose control ♪♪ There's a fire within my soul ♪♪ Just one look and ♪
♪ I can hear a bell ring ♪♪ One more look and ♪
♪ I forget everything ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Here I go again ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ How can I resist you? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Does it show again? ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ Just how much I've missed you ♪♪ Yes, I've been broken-hearted ♪♪ Blue since the day we parted ♪♪ Why, why ♪
♪ did I ever let you go? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Now I really know ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ I should not have let you go ♫You always knew how to make an entrance.I'd better be dreaming.
You'd better not be here.You want me to pinch you, Donna?No! You keep your hands to yourself,
Bill Anderson.You probably don't recognise me, do you?Harry! It is you!I probably changed a bit,
but you certainly haven't.Why are you here?
What are you doing here?I'm writing a travel piece.I'm here on
a spontaneous holiday.I just dropped in to say hi.Okay. What is this?It's one of those serendipitous moments
in life when three complete strangersshare a common thought.Strangers?- You don't know each other?
- That's generally the definition.Okay, good, but who... Why are you here?Who said that you could
stay up in my old goat-house?Didn't catch the name.
- Greek lady.- Well, she spoke Greek.
- Yeah.Or maybe she said we couldn't
stay in the old goat-house.- Yeah, maybe that was it, in Greek.
- There you go.Yeah, that's it, that's it.
You can't stay here becauseI'm closed and I'm full.And I'm busy, I'm really...
I have a wedding, my...Local girl's getting married...Donna. Donna, don't worry about us.Bill here is used to roughing it.- And Harry here...
- I'm spontaneous.Spontaneous.What about you?Just wanted to see the island.You know what it meant to me.Okay, I'm gonna arrange for a boatto take you all back to the mainland.- I have a boat, Donna.
- You have a boat?Good, get on it,and anchors away.- Hey, Donna...
- Away, away.It's good to see you.Now, baby, this should
tickle your taste buds.Down, big fella.
I'm old enough to be your mother.Grandmother.Where's Sophie?- I think she went down to the beach.
- What's up?Donna?I'm sorry. I'm sorry.Talk to her.♫ Chiquitita, tell me what's wrong ♪Oh, me.♪ I have never seen such sorrow ♪♪ In your eyes ♪♪ And the wedding is tomorrow ♪♪ How I hate to see you like this ♪♪ There is no way you can deny it ♪♪ I can see ♪♪ That you're oh, so sad ♪♪ So quiet ♪♪ Chiquitita, tell me the truth ♪♪ I'm a shoulder you can cry on ♪♪ Your best friend ♪♪ I'm the one you must rely on ♪♪ You were always sure of yourself ♪♪ Now I see you've broken a feather ♪♪ I hope we can patch it up ♪♪ Together ♪♪ Chiquitita, you and I know ♪♪ How the heartaches come and they go ♪♪ And the scars, they're leaving ♪♪ You'll be dancing once again ♪♪ And the pain will end ♪♪ You will have no time for grieving ♪♪ Chiquitita, you and I cry ♪♪ But the sun is still in the sky ♪♪ And shining above you ♪♪ Let me hear you sing once more ♪♪ Like you did before ♪♪ Sing a new song, Chiquitita ♪♪ Try once more ♪♪ Like I did before ♪♪ Sing a new song ♫- It's her dad.
- Whose dad?Sophie's dad.Remember how I said it was Sam?
Sam the architect,who had to go home to get married?I'm not sure that it was him,because there were two other guys
around the same time.Donna Sheridan. You shady lady.Why didn't you tell us?Well, I never knew that
I would ever, ever have to.I never imagined I'd see all three of themin my old goat-housethe day before my daughter's wedding!- The old goat-house?
- The old goat-house?No! No! Wait!Shoot!Rosie! Tanya!Wait a minute! Don't let them hear you!- There's no one here.
- Are you sure?Of course I'm sure!Do you think
I would forget my daughter's dads?They were all here. Sam Carmichael,Bill Anderson and Harry "Head Banger."Harry "Head Banger."They must've gone
back to their boat.I hope they run aground and drown.What are they doing here?It's like some hideous trick of fate.It's very Greek.- Do they know about Sophie?
- What are they, psychic?No! I've never told a soul.Oh, Donna,
keeping it to yourself all these years.It doesn't matter about me.The only thing that matters
is that Sophie never finds out.Well, maybe she would be cool with it."Cool with it"?You don't know my daughter.
This would be like a bombshell.Donna, they've gone!I don't know that.I don't know where they are.
I don't know why they're here.And I have brought this all on myselfbecause I was a stupid, reckless little slut!Don't you sound like your mother?- I do not!
- Yes, you so do!- Oh, my God, I do not.
- You do, it's Catholic guilt!You've been living like a nun.Yeah, whatever happened to our Donna?Life and soul of the party,- ♫ el ♪ rock chick ♪ supremo? ♫
- Yeah, come on.- I grew up.
- Well, then, grow back down again.- Screw them if they can't take a joke.
- Screw them if they can't take a joke.♫ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♪♪ Friday night and the lights are low ♪♪ Looking out for a place to go ♪♪ Where they play the right music ♪♪ Getting in the swing ♪♪ You come to look for a king ♪♪ Anybody could be that guy ♪♪ Night is young ♪
♪ and the music's high ♪♪ With a bit of rock music ♪
♪ Everything is fine ♪♪ You're in the mood for a dance ♪♪ And when you get the chance ♪♪ You are the dancing queen ♪♪ Young and sweet ♪
♪ Only seventeen ♪♪ Dancing queen ♪♪ Feel the beat ♪
♪ from the tambourine ♪♪ Oh, yeah ♪♪ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♪♪ You're a teaser ♪
♪ You turn them on ♪♪ Leave them burning ♪
♪ And then you're gone ♪♪ Looking out for another ♪
♪ Anyone will do ♪♪ You're in the mood for a dance ♪♪ And when you get the chance ♪♪ You are the dancing queen ♪♪ Young and sweet ♪
♪ Only seventeen ♪♪ Dancing queen ♪♪ Feel the beat ♪
♪ from the tambourine ♪♪ Oh, yeah ♪♪ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♪♪ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♫Wait, wait. Wait!
- Hey, don't leave.- Whoa, Sophie.
- Sophie!We're gonna sail around the island.
You wanna come?You promised you'd come to my wedding.Yes, well, your mother ejected us
from the goat-house.She thought we'd better get out of her hair.Donna freaked out when she saw us.- What's all that about?
- No.She's just not even thinking straight.
She's so stressed about the wedding.You know, but she's got no idea
that you're her lovely surprise.- She'll be so happy tomorrow.
- You think so?- You took Mom's guitar!
- No, no. I borrowed it. Look.No, where is it?D.S.Donna Sheridan.And H.B.Head Banger.- Head Banger?
- Head Banger?I bought her this. It cost me ten quid
plus my Johnny Rotten T-shirt.Your mother knew quite a rebel.I was studying in Paris when I met her.I hopped on a train
and followed her to Greece,quite spontaneously.♫ I can still recall ♪♪ Our last summer ♪♪ I still see it all ♪♪ Walks along the Seine ♪♪ Laughing in the rain ♪♪ Our last summer ♪♪ Memories that remain ♪♪ We made our way along the river ♪♪ And we sat down in the grass ♪♪ By the Eiffel Tower ♪♪ I was so happy we had met ♪♪ It was the age of no regret ♪♪ Oh, yes ♪♪ Those crazy years, that was the time ♪♪ Of the flower power ♪♪ But underneath we had a fear of flying ♪♪ Of growing old ♪♪ A fear of slowly dying ♪♪ We took a chance ♪♪ Like we were dancing our last dance ♪♪ I can still recall ♪♪ Our last summer ♪♪ I still see it all ♪♪ In the tourist jam ♪
♪ round the Notre Dame ♪♪ Our last summer ♪
♪ Walking hand in hand ♪♪ Paris restaurants ♪♪ Our last summer ♪
♪ Morning croissants ♪♪ Living for the day ♪♪ Worries far away ♪♪ Our last summer ♪♪ We could laugh and play ♪♪ And now you're working in a bank ♪♪ A family man, a football fan ♪♪ And your name is Harry ♪♪ How dull it seems ♪♪ Are you the hero ♪
♪ of my dreams? ♫Sophie!Sophie!
- Please, I have to go,- but please come tomorrow, okay?
Absolutely.- We'll be there.
- It's a promise.♫ Walks along the Seine ♪♪ Laughing in the rain ♪♪ Our last summer ♪♪ Memories that remain ♫Sky!Where've you been?People have been arriving all afternoon.
No one's seen you.I'm sorry, I was around the island, I just...I just lost track of time.- Where're you going?
- It's my stag do.My last night of freedom.Which is how some people might see it,
but for me,it's the last night before
the greatest adventure of my life.You know how I said I wanted
to find my father?Soph, we've been over this a million times.You don't need a father, you have a family.And you'll never leave me, right?Are you kidding?
You have turned my world upside down.♫ I wasn't jealous before we met ♪♪ Now every man that ♪
♪ I see is a potential threat ♪♪ And I'm possessive ♪
♪ It isn't nice ♪♪ You've heard me saying ♪
♪ that smoking was my only vice ♪♪ But now it isn't true ♪♪ Now everything is new ♪♪ And all I've learned has overturned ♪♪ I beg of you ♪♪ Don't go wasting your emotion ♪♪ Lay all your love on me ♪♪ It was like shooting a sitting duck ♪♪ A little small talk, a smile ♪
♪ and, baby, I was stuck ♪♪ I still don't know what you've done with me ♪♪ A grown-up woman ♪
♪ should never fall so easily ♪♪ I feel a kind of fear ♪♪ When I don't have you near ♪♪ Unsatisfied, I skip my pride ♪♪ I beg you, dear ♪♪ Don't go wasting your emotion ♪♪ Lay all your love on me ♪♪ Don't go sharing your devotion ♪♪ Lay all your love on me ♪♪ Don't go wasting your emotion ♪♪ Lay all your love on me ♪♪ Don't go sharing your devotion ♪♪ Lay all your love on me ♪♪ Ladies and no gentlemen, ♪♪ presenting, for one night ♪
♪ and one night only... ♫Because that's all
we've got breath for.Speak for yourself, you old bat!♫ The world's first girl power band, ♪♪ Donna and the Dynamos. ♪♪ Super Trouper ♪♪ Lights are gonna find me ♪♪ But I won't feel blue ♪♪ Like I always do ♪♪ 'Cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you ♪♪ I was sick and tired of everything ♪♪ When I called you last night from Glasgow ♪♪ All I do is eat and sleep and sing ♪♪ Wishing every show was the last show ♪♪ Wishing every show was the last show ♪♪ So imagine ♪
♪ I was glad to hear you're coming ♪♪ Suddenly I feel all right ♪♪ And suddenly it's gonna be ♪♪ And it's gonna be so different ♪
♪ when I'm on the stage tonight ♪♪ Tonight the Super Trouper ♪♪ Lights are gonna find me ♫- Our song.
- Your song?It's my song.♫ Smiling, having fun ♪♪ Feeling like a number one ♪♪ Tonight the Super Trouper ♪♪ Beams are gonna blind me ♪♪ But I won't feel blue ♪♪ Like I always do ♪♪ 'Cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you ♪♪ So I'll be there when you arrive ♪♪ The sight of you will prove to me ♪
♪ I'm still alive ♪♪ And when you take me in your arms ♪♪ And hold me tight ♪♪ I know it's gonna mean so much tonight ♪♪ Tonight the Super Trouper ♪♪ Lights are gonna find me ♪♪ Shining like the sun ♫Look, look, look, look, look.♫ Smiling, having fun ♪♪ Feeling like a number one ♪♪ Tonight the Super Trouper ♪♪ Beams are gonna blind me ♪♪ But I won't feel blue ♪♪ Like I always do ♪♪ 'Cause somewhere in the crowd, there's you ♪♪ Super Trouper lights ♪♪ Are gonna find me ♫I can't believe you!Excuse me! Hello.This is a hen party. Women only!- Thank you.
- Okay.Why are they here, then,if it's not to ruin Sophie's wedding?But I thought you weren't so keen
on this wedding.I don't want them spoiling it.They have no right to turn up like this.What have they ever done
for their daughter?Donna, Donna, they didn't know she existed.Well, they didn't need to know, did they?I've done a great job with Soph,
all by myself,and I won't be muscled out
by an ejaculation!♫ Is there a man out there? ♪♪ Someone to hear my prayer? ♪♪ Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! ♪
♪ A man after midnight ♪♪ Won't somebody help me ♪
♪ Chase the shadows away ♪♪ Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! ♪
♪ A man after midnight ♫- Hi.
- Hi.I think I should explain to Donna
that I come in peace.Oh, no, really. You should wait
until she has a few drinks in her first.- Really.
- Good idea. Good idea.What you drew on the boat...This is good. This is really good.Why don't you pursue this?
You have a real talent here.I have enough to do here.Is that really your dream?Running the villa with Donna?She just can't do it by herself.Do you know,I drew this whole place up
on the back of a menu one night.I always dreamt I'd come back here.What kept you?What's your mother said about me?- She never mentioned you.
- Sophie?What am I doing here?Some air in here.Somebody up there has got it in for me.I bet it's my mother.Oh,
and wasn't she a ray of sunshine.I'm gonna go get them out of here.You go in there guns loaded,
there's gonna be questions.- Help me out of these boots.
Come on, then.All that fricking yoga's
made my feet bigger.Now, listen.
Listen, what we're gonna do is,we'll get them plastered tonight,and then tomorrow,
Tanya and I will take them fishing.Fishing? Oh, please.What do you suggest
we do with three men?Well, then, now, that takes me back.♫ Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! ♪♪ A man after midnight ♪♪ Take me through the darkness ♪
♪ To the break of the day ♫- Hello.
- You okay?I'm fine.Fancy Donna having a grown-up daughter!- Do you have any children, Harry?
- Well, I have the dogs, Lucy and Kipper.That's the extent of my relationships.I'd have loved a daughter.
I'd have spoiled her rotten.- Is your father here?
- I don't know.I don't know who my father is.♫ Is there a man out there? ♪♪ Someone to hear my prayer? ♫This is fantastic!How on earth did Donna get money
to buy this place?She was left some money by the old lady
she looked after when I was little.- Sofia, that I'm named after.
- My great-aunt Sofia?I guess.I always heard her money was left to family.- How old are you?
- I'm 20.Will you excuse me a minute?I'm sorry.Bill!Bill, wait.Why did your great-aunt
leave my mother money?I don't know!All my life, there's been
this huge unanswered question,and I don't want any more secrecy!What do you want from me?
- Bill, please!Are you my father?Yes. I think so.Yes.You know what comes next?Oh, you're not going to tell me
that you have a twin sister, are you?Will you give me away tomorrow?- Give you away?
- No! Our secret until the wedding.Cute.Oh, God.Okay.♫ People everywhere ♪♪ A sense of expectation hanging in the air ♪♪ Giving out a spark ♪♪ Across the room ♪
♪ your eyes are glowing in the dark ♪♪ And here we go again ♪
♪ We know the start, we know the end ♪♪ Masters of the scene ♪♪ We've done it all before ♪
♪ And now we're back to get some more ♪♪ You know what I mean ♪♪ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Take it now or leave it ♪♪ Now is all we get ♪♪ Nothing promised, no regrets ♪♪ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Ain't no big decision ♪♪ You know what to do ♪♪ La question c'est voulez-vous ♪♪ Voulez-vous ♫Go dance with Mom!Sophie, come here.I know why I'm here.Why didn't Donna tell me?
How long have you known I'm your father?What? Not long at all.Sam, listen to me.
My mom doesn't know that I know.So can we wait until after my wedding?- Who's giving you away tomorrow?
- Nobody.Wrong. I am.Our secret till then.♫ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Take it now or leave it ♪♪ Now is all we get ♫Are you okay?I can't breathe.♫ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Ain't no big decision ♪♪ You know what to do ♪♪ La question c'est voulez-vous ♪♪ Voulez-vous ♫Oh, my God!- I'm your father!
- Harry!Now, that's why you sent me the invite.You wanted your old dad
to walk you down the aisle.Well, I won't let you down. I'll be there.♫ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Take it now or leave it ♪♪ Now is all we get ♪♪ Nothing promised, no regrets ♪♪ Voulez-vous ♪♪ Ain't no big decision ♪♪ You know what to do ♪♪ La question c'est voulez-vous ♫For the wedding.Upside down.Fancy Donna having a...I'm your...Who's giving you...Stand back, everybody.
- Give her some space.Soph...
Baby!Come on, Mother, rise and shine.I was tossing and turning all night.Those three guys are still loose
on this island.We got to do something.Donna! Donna! Donna! Donna.
It's all under control.I have been tossing and turning all night.
I've got three dads coming to my wedding,and I have to tell two of them
they're surplus. Only, which two?It's all under control.I'm taking Bill and Sam fishing...We're each gonna go off.
We're gonna grab a man,interrogate him, swap notes and decide.And Harry's talked Tanya into water sports.Oh, God.
Nurse, donkey testicles, quickly!- No, after you. Please.
- No. No. Go ahead.No, no, no, no, you first.- I want to get something off my chest.
- Me, too.Last night,
I discovered something wonderful.It was a wake-up call,
a way to look at myself andwhat I really want out of life.Last night? You didn't know?You didn't even suspect that you were...Well, no. Of course not.
That's always been a secret.And now we... Say it out loud.No! No! No! It's absolutely hush-hush.
I mean, for now.All will be revealed tonight.Talking of revelations, last night...You and the little lady?
I think I know what's going on.- No, you don't. You don't.
- It's obvious.I saw it from the moment
you clapped eyes on each other.You're kidding.I'm gonna level with you, Harry.I don't think I can do this.Well, she's a wonderful girl,but can I take her on in my life?Bill, where's your spontaneity?It's this...- This family, you know?
- You don't have to marry her.What?Hey, right in time for breakfast.We're serving up the works here.- Think you just did.
Sunny-side up! Lox or ham?I'll just...I'm just gonna...What a mess!- Hey!
- What?- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine. I'm fine.- Sophie.
- What?Last night, you and Sky... What's wrong?Tell me. Tell me what's wrong.- I don't know what to do.
- You know what to do.You don't have to do anything.Not too late, I can still call off the wedding.
Everybody will understand.Call... Call off the wedding?- Isn't that what you want?
- No.No.No, that's what you want.- No!
- Yes! God!Sophie!You just... You have no idea.You never had a wedding.You never did
the marriage-and-babies thing.You just did the baby thing.- Well, good for you.
- You know, I don't know why- you're going off on me now! I really don't!
- Because I...- God! I love Sky, and I want to be with him!
- Good! Great.And I don't want my children growing up
not knowing who their father is.Because it's just... It's crap!Voulez-vousWhat are you doing?
- Stop, you're terrible.Come on, man. What are you talking about?Okay, okay, Sophie's gonna have
an absolutely beautiful wedding, right?You're supposed to be helping me.You guys... He's got to get ready.I see you kept my bagpipes.They're supposed to ward off
unwanted visitors.Well, you don't need bagpipes to do that.What are you doing here, Sam?This is our dream, remember?- Villa on the island?
- Yeah. Well, this is my reality.Hard work and a crippling mortgage. Shoot!And a hotel that's crumbling around me.- Look, I'll help... Let me have a look at this...
- No, that's all right, I candeal my own disasters.Why didn't you tell me
it was Sophie getting married?Well, I didn't think
it was any of your business.Why is she getting married?
Settling down on the island?I mean, if it was up to me,
I'd be telling her to go get a life.- Yeah.
- She's a bright kid.I know. I know.But, you know, my daughter
has a mind of her own.Oh, yeah. I see that. I see that.- But she's so young.
- I know.I mean, does she know
what she really wants?You see, I think part of her
just wants to let you knowthat she isn't going to leave you
alone here, on your own.- What do you mean?
- Donna, look.I have two grown children.
I know something about letting go.If Sophie felt you were okay on your own,would she want something different
for herself?Okay, here's the thing.I love being on my own. I really do.You know, every morning,
I get up and I thank Godthat I don't have some middle-aged,
menopausal mantelling me how to run my life.You know, I'm free and I'm single.And it's great.♫ Where are those happy days? ♪
♪ They seem so hard to find ♪♪ I try to reach for you ♪
♪ But you have closed your mind ♪♪ What ever happened to our love? ♪♪ I wish I understood ♪♪ It used to be so nice ♪
♪ It used to be so good ♪♪ So when you're near me, darling ♪
♪ Can't you hear me? ♪♪ SOS ♪♪ The love you gave me ♪
♪ Nothing else can save me ♪♪ SOS ♪♪ When you're gone ♪
♪ How can I even try to go on? ♪♪ When you're gone, though I try ♪
♪ How can I carry on? ♪♪ You seem so far away ♪
♪ though you are standing near ♪♪ You made me feel alive ♪
♪ but something died, I fear ♪♪ I really tried to make it out ♪♪ I wish I understood ♪♪ What happened to our love? ♪
♪ It used to be so good ♪♪ So when you're near me, darling ♪
♪ Can't you hear me? ♪♪ SOS ♪♪ And the love you gave me ♪
♪ Nothing else can save me ♪♪ SOS ♪♪ - When you're gone ♪
♪ - When you're gone ♪♪ - How can I even try to go on? ♪
♪ - How can I even try to go on? ♪♪ - When you're gone ♪
♪ - When you're gone ♪♪ - Though I try how can I carry on? ♪
♪ - Though I try how can I carry on? ♫Donna must be tearing her hair out,
doing this wedding on her own.What would the father of the bride
normally do?Pay. Though my dad
drew the line at my third.I see. Excuse me.Harry?Tanya! Let's pick up
where we left off last night.Last night never happened.I've drawn a veil over last night.Oh, my God. Look at the time.
I've got work to do.- Work?
- A little repair and renovation.Come on.
You don't mess with a masterpiece.Oh, ignore him, Tanya,
he's all mouth and no trousers.Tanya can't ignore the chemistry
between us.Little boys who play with fire
get their fingers burned.♫ You're so hot, teasing me ♪♪ So you're blue ♪
♪ Well, I can't take a chance on a kid like you ♪♪ It's something I couldn't do ♪♪ There's that look in your eyes ♪♪ I can read in your face ♪
♪ that your feelings are driving you wild ♪♪ Oh, but, boy, you're only a child ♪♪ Well, I can dance with you, honey ♪
♪ If you think it's funny ♪♪ But does your mother know ♪
♪ that you're out? ♪♪ And I can chat with you, baby ♪
♪ Flirt a little, maybe ♪♪ Does your mother know ♪
♪ that you're out? ♪♪ - Take it easy ♪
♪ - Take it easy. Better slow down, boy ♪♪ That's no way to go ♪
♪ Does your mother know? ♪♪ - Take it easy ♪
♪ - Take it easy. Try to cool it, boy ♪♪ Play it nice and slow ♪
♪ Does your mother know? ♫Come on, boy.♫ I can see what you want ♪♪ But you seem pretty young ♪
♪ To be searching for that kind of fun ♪♪ So maybe I'm not the one ♪♪ Now you're so cute ♪
♪ I like your style ♪♪ And I know what you mean ♪
♪ When you give me a flash of that smile ♪♪ But, boy, you're only a child ♪♪ Well, I can dance with you, honey ♪
♪ If you think it's funny ♪♪ Does your mother know ♪
♪ that you're out? ♪♪ And I can chat with you, baby ♪
♪ Flirt a little, maybe ♪♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♪♪ Well, I can dance with you, honey ♪
♪ If you think it's funny ♪♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♪♪ And I can chat with you, baby ♪
♪ Flirt a little, maybe ♪♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♪♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♪♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♪♪ Does your mother know? ♪
♪ Does your mother know that you're out? ♫Boy down! Boy down!Yo, girls. We done good.Yes, any colour. Doesn't matter.There's no plan,
God knows there's no plan.- It looks great, though.
- Ella, Donna, where would you like this?Carlos, get the meat out of the heat.Put a cover on that thing. That's beautiful.
And tell... lone, help him get the...- Harry, what are you doing here?
- Hello.I just wanted to give you this.I don't mean here, here.- I mean, why are you on this island?
- I realised...What is this?Now, I realised you'll have had to
tighten your belt a bit over the years,bringing up Sophie on your own,and I just wanted to make
a small contribution to the wedding.- I can't accept this. I can't...
- No. No.- Harry, I can't.
- No. No.- Harry? I can't...
- No, you'll have to catch me first.- Sky.
- What's the matter?- You have to help me.
- Why, what's happened?Baby?Sophie!Soph.I've done something completely insane.All my dads are here for our wedding,
and they all think they're giving me away.All your what?I read Mom's diary,
and I have three possible fathers.But how are they here now?I invited them.I thought that I would know my dad
right away,but I didn't. I just...I have no idea.
And now, my mom is gonna kill me,- and they're gonna hate me, and you...
- Hold on. Hold on.You invited these guys
and you didn't tell me?No, I thought you would try to stop me.- I know I messed up.
- Sophie?Is that what this whole
big white wedding is about?- You finding your dad?
- No. No!I wanted to take a boat to the mainland
with a couple of witnesses.And you insisted on this sodding circus
so you could play Happy Families.It's about knowing who I am. And I wanted
to get married knowing who I am.That doesn't come from finding your father,that comes from finding yourself.And the irony is,
I was travelling to find myself.I put everything on hold for you.Because I loved you
and I wanted what you wanted.Now, I don't know.You don't know if you love me?Of course I love you.
I just wish you'd told me.Is everything okay?- Sophie, what's wrong?
- Not now, Sam.Yes, yes, yes, now.Because I'm supposed to be
giving you away.And how can I when I know
you're not really gonna be happy?I've heard all this from my mother, and
I think she knows me better than you do.I know. But I've done the big white wedding,
and believe me,- it doesn't always end in "happy ever after."
- That is you. That's not me.Okay? I love Sky more than anything
in the world. And I...Did you feel that way
before you got married?No.Hey, aren't you supposed to be
getting dressed?Where's Ali and Lisa?
I thought they were going to help you.Will you help me?Wait. It's okay, it's okay.We have time.♫ Schoolbag in hand ♪♪ She leaves home in the early morning ♪♪ Waving goodbye ♪♪ With an absent-minded smile ♪♪ I watch her go ♪♪ With a surge of that well-known sadness ♪♪ And I have to sit down for a while ♪♪ The feeling that I'm losing her ♪♪ Forever ♪♪ And without really entering her world ♪♪ I'm glad whenever I can share her laughter ♪♪ That funny little girl ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ I try to capture every minute ♪♪ The feeling in it ♪
♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ Do I really see what's in her mind? ♪♪ Each time I think I'm close to knowing ♪♪ She keeps on growing ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ Sleep in our eyes ♪♪ Her and me at the breakfast table ♪♪ Barely awake ♪♪ I let precious time go by ♪♪ Then when she's gone ♪
♪ There's that odd melancholy feeling ♪♪ And a sense of guilt I can't deny ♪♪ What happened to ♪
♪ those wonderful adventures ♪♪ The places I had planned for us to go ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ Well, some of that we did ♪♪ But most we didn't ♪♪ And why, I just don't know ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ I try to capture every minute ♪♪ The feeling in it ♪
♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♪♪ Do I really see what's in her mind? ♪♪ Each time I think I'm close to knowing ♪♪ She keeps on growing ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers all the time ♫Do you think I'm letting you down?Why would you even think that?Well, because of what you've done.I mean, the Dynamos, raising a kid,and running a business all on your own.Well, honey, I didn't have a choice.I couldn't go home, you know.When I got pregnant, my mother told me
not to bother coming back.And I wouldn't have had it any other way.My God, look at what we've had.Will you give me away?Yeah.♫ Sometimes I wish ♪♪ That I could freeze the picture ♪♪ And save it from the funny tricks of time ♪♪ Slipping through my fingers ♪♪ Schoolbag in hand ♪♪ She leaves home in the early morning ♪♪ Waving goodbye ♪♪ With an absent-minded smile ♫Donna!Donna. I need to talk to you about
who's giving Sophie away.- That would be me.
- But...- What about her dad?
- Her dad isn't here.It's what she wants.
She told me she wants her father here.- What if her father wants that, too?
- What? Sam, don't do this now.I can't hear this now!Donna, listen to me. This is about us.♫ I don't wanna talk ♪♪ About things we've gone through ♪♪ Though it's hurting me ♪♪ Now it's history ♪♪ I've played all my cards ♪♪ And that's what you've done, too ♪♪ Nothing more to say ♪♪ No more ace to play ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ The loser standing small ♪♪ Beside the victory ♪♪ That's her destiny ♪♪ I was in your arms ♪♪ Thinking I belonged there ♪♪ I figured it made sense ♪♪ Building me a fence ♪♪ Building me a home ♪♪ Thinking I'd be strong there ♪♪ But I was a fool ♪♪ Playing by the rules ♪♪ The gods may throw the dice ♪♪ Their minds as cold as ice ♪♪ And someone way down here ♪♪ Loses someone dear ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ The loser has to fall ♪♪ It's simple and it's plain ♪♪ Why should I complain? ♪♪ But tell me does she kiss ♪♪ Like I used to kiss you? ♪♪ Does it feel the same ♪♪ When she calls your name? ♪♪ Somewhere deep inside ♪♪ You must know I miss you ♪♪ But what can I say? ♪♪ Rules must be obeyed ♪♪ The judges will decide ♪♪ The likes of me abide ♪♪ Spectators at the show ♪♪ Always staying low ♪♪ The game is on again ♪♪ A lover or a friend ♪♪ A big thing or a small ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ I don't wanna talk ♪♪ 'Cause it makes me feel sad ♪♪ And I understand ♪♪ You've come to shake my hand ♪♪ I apologise ♪♪ If it makes you feel bad ♪♪ Seeing me so tense ♪♪ No self-confidence, but you see ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ The game is on again ♪♪ A lover or a friend ♪♪ A big thing or a small ♪♪ The winner takes it all ♪♪ So the winner takes it all ♪♪ And the loser has to fall ♪♪ So the winner takes it all ♪♪ And the loser has to fall ♫Donna!♫ The winner takes it ♪♪ All ♫Donna, there you are.- It's okay.
- They're my best shoes.Panic over! Here she is.
- She's here.- Oh, don't worry.
- Oh, God.I love you.Welcome to Sophie and Sky,and to all your friends
who have gathered together this evening.And welcome, especially, to Donna,
who represents your family.We are all here together in this- glorious...
- And welcome to...ToSophie's dad.- I have to tell you. He is here.
- I know. I invited him.You couldn't have.
I don't know which one it is.Oh, my God.- That's why they're all here!
- I'm sorry. Sorry. I just...Please, please forgive me!
Please forgive me. Please.I don't know.- Can you forgive me?
- What?I don't care if you slept with
hundreds of men.You're my mom, and I love you so much.Oh, Soph.And I haven't slept with hundreds of men.Am I getting this right?Sophie may be mine,
but she may be Bill's or Harry's?Yeah, yeah. That's right.
And don't get all self-righteous with me,because you have
no one but yourself to blame.Yeah, if you hadn't just dumped my mother
and gone off and married somebody else...Hey, hey, wait a minute!
I had to go home. I was engaged.But I told Lorraine I couldn't marry her,
and I came right back.You... You...- Why didn't you call me?
- Because I was crazy enoughto think that you would be waiting for me.Only when I arrived, they told me
you were off with some other guy.So, Lorraine called me an idiot
and married me to prove it.Sorry, can I just... Might I just butt in?Oh, Harry, don't... It's all right.
You don't have to.No, no, I just wanted to say it's great
to have even a third of Sophie.I never thought I'd get
even that much of a child.Donna, you were the first girl I ever loved.Well, actually, you were
the last girl I ever loved.Now, this gives me an excuse
to come here much more often.We can find out if you want,but I'm with Harry.- Being a third of your dad is great by me.
By me, too.I'll take a third.Typical, isn't it? You wait 20 years for a dad,
and then three come along at once.Dearly beloved...You know, I have no clue which one of you
is my dad, but I don't mind.Now, I know what I really want.Sky, let's just not get married yet.- What?
- What?You never wanted this anyway.I know that. Let's just get off this island
and just see the world. Okay? All right?I love you.Donna, do I take it the wedding
is cancelled?I'm not entirely sure
what's happening right now.Hang on.Why waste a good wedding?How about it, Sheridan?You're going to need someone
to boss around on this island of yours.Are you nuts? I am not a bigamist.Neither am I. I'm a divorced man
who's loved you for 21 years,and ever since the day
I set foot on this island,I've been trying to tell you
how much I love you.Come on, Donna.
It's only the rest of your life.♫ I can't conceal it ♪
♪ Don't you see? ♪♪ Can't you feel it? ♪♪ Say I do ♫Oh, yeah.♫ I do, I do, I do, I do, I do ♪♪ Donna, please show it ♪♪ You love me ♪
♪ And you know it ♪♪ Say I do ♪♪ I do ♫I do, I do,I do, I do.I now pronounce you man and wife.I'm so happy!♫ Here's to us ♪
♪ One more toast ♪♪ And then we'll pay the bill ♪♪ Deep inside both of us ♪♪ Could feel the autumn chill ♪♪ Birds of passage ♪
♪ You and me ♪♪ We fly instinctively ♪♪ When the summer's over ♪♪ And the dark clouds hide the sun ♪♪ Neither you nor I'm to blame ♪♪ When all is said and done ♪♪ In our lives ♪
♪ We have walked ♪♪ Some strange and lonely treks ♫Yeah.♫ Slightly worn ♪♪ but dignified ♪♪ And not too old for sex ♫Yeah!♫ Clear-headed and open-eyed ♪♪ With nothing left untried ♪♪ Standing calmly at the crossroads ♪♪ No desire to run ♪♪ There's no hurry any more ♪♪ When all is said and done ♪♪ Standing calmly at the crossroads ♪♪ No desire to run ♪♪ There's no hurry any more ♪♪ When all is said ♪♪ And done ♫That's not for me. I'm a writer.
Lone wolf.♫ If you change your mind ♪♪ I'm the first in line ♪♪ Honey, I'm still free ♪♪ Take a chance on me ♫Sorry.♫ If you need me, let me know ♪♪ I'm gonna be around ♪♪ If you got no place to go ♪♪ If you're feeling down ♫Speech!I'm gonna make a speech, everybody.Yeah, get ready.♫ If you're all alone ♪
♪ When the pretty birds have flown ♪♪ Honey, I'm still free ♪
♪ Take a chance on me ♪♪ Gonna do my very best ♪
♪ And it ain't no lie ♪♪ If you put me to the test ♪
♪ If you let me try ♪♪ Take a chance on me ♪♪ Take a chance on me ♫Go, Bill.♫ We can go dancing ♪♪ - We can go walking ♪
♪ - As long as we're together ♪♪ Listen to some music ♪♪ Maybe just talking ♪♪ You'd get to know me better ♪♪ 'Cause you know I've got ♪
♪ So much that I wanna do ♪♪ When I dream I'm alone with you ♪♪ It's magic ♪♪ - You want me to leave it there ♪
♪ - Afraid of a love affair ♪♪ But I think you know ♪♪ That I can't let go ♪♪ If you're all alone ♪
♪ When the pretty birds have flown ♪♪ Honey, I'm still free ♪
♪ Take a chance on me ♪♪ Gonna do my very best ♪
♪ And it ain't no lie ♪♪ If you put me to the test ♪♪ If you let me try ♪
♪ Take a chance on me ♪♪ Take a chance on me ♫It's Aphrodite!♫ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Here I go again ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ How can I resist you? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Does it show again? ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ Just how much I've missed you? ♪♪ Yes, I've been broken-hearted ♪♪ Blue since the day we parted ♪♪ Why, why ♪
♪ did I ever let you go? ♪♪ Mamma mia ♪
♪ Now I really know ♪♪ My, my ♪
♪ I should not have let you go ♪♪ I have a dream ♪♪ A song to sing ♪♪ To help me cope ♪♪ With anything ♪♪ If you see the wonder ♪♪ Of a fairy tale ♪♪ You can take the future ♪♪ Even if you fail ♪♪ I believe in angels ♪♪ Something good in everything I see ♪♪ I believe in angels ♪♪ When I know the time is right for me ♪♪ I'll cross the stream ♪♪ I have a dream ♪♪ I'll cross the stream ♪♪ I have a dream ♪♪ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♪♪ Friday night and the lights are low ♪♪ Looking out for a place to go ♪♪ Where they play the right music ♪♪ Getting in the swing ♪♪ You come to look for a king ♪♪ Anybody could be that guy ♪♪ Night is young ♪
♪ and the music's high ♪♪ With a bit of rock music ♪
♪ Everything is fine ♪♪ You're in the mood for a dance ♪♪ And when you get the chance ♪♪ You are the dancing queen ♪♪ Young and sweet ♪
♪ Only seventeen ♪♪ Dancing queen ♪♪ Feel the beat ♪
♪ from the tambourine ♪♪ Oh, yeah ♪♪ You can dance ♪♪ You can jive ♪♪ Having the time of your life ♪♪ See that girl ♪♪ Watch that scene ♪♪ Dig in the dancing queen ♫- Bye.
- Bye.You want another one?Do you want another one?Do you want another one?- Let's give it to them!
- You want another one?Let's rip it up!♫ My, my, at Waterloo ♪
♪ Napoleon did surrender ♪♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ And I have met my destiny ♪♪ In quite a similar way ♪♪ The history book on the shelf ♪♪ Is always repeating itself ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ I was defeated, you won the war ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Promise to love you for ever more ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Couldn't escape if I wanted to ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Knowing my fate is to be with you ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Finally facing my Waterloo ♪♪ And how could I ever refuse ♪♪ I feel like I win when I lose ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ I was defeated, you won the war ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Promise to love you for ever more ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Couldn't escape if I wanted to ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Knowing my fate is to be with you ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Finally facing my Waterloo ♪♪ Waterloo ♪
♪ Finally facing my Waterloo ♫