CHOIR:
♪ In the silence
Of our souls ♪♪ O lord
We contemplate thy peace ♪♪ Free from all
The world's desires ♪♪ Free of fear
And all anxiety ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Sing alleluia ♪♪We've made love 113 times.I figured it out
on my Bowmar calculator.To know someone
that well is wonderful.Two lumps?
WOMAN: No, one.MAN:
So I don't know
everything about you.I don't know who your
favorite movies stars are.And I can't remember the name
of your favorite perfume.I've racked my brain
and I can't remember.That's funny.
It's My Sin.MAN:
But I do know,
in the last 24 years,that I've never been
out of love with you.Well, did we like it?
I loved it.Ben Walsh was wonderful.
I liked them all.It was funny.It was a comedy, wasn't it?
Essentially.Let's face it:
Clyde Banner's getting fat.He should never
turn profile.Most of us shouldn't
turn profile.What was it you
were thinking about?When?Yeah?You okay?
Mm-hm. Yeah. How was the show?Trouble sleeping?No.
You're sure?Mm-hmm.Burning the midnight oil?
Yeah.Okay.Have you thought about
calling that doctor?No.Well, the month's up.I think we should
stick to the plan.The plan was if I needed
to call him.Yeah. Okay.
Don't worry about it.Get some sleep.I'm working on those
Michigan State tickets.Okay.BETH:
What about the Warrens?
Did you call them?CALVIN:
Yeah, they said they'd make it
some evening soon.Look. Everybody I grew up with
is in the paper these days."Joey Georgella, new football
coach for Trinity."Did you with Jane for those
Michigan State tickets?Yes, she'll talk to John.Where's Conrad?
This will get cold.Con!You drop those suits
at the cleaners?BETH:
They won't be back Saturday.CALVIN:
That's okay. Connie!Conrad!I'll be right there!Here he is.Morning.Good morning.
Morning.Did you sleep?Yeah.Hungry?Uh...hungry.It's French toast.It's your favorite.Yeah.I'm not really hungry.Breakfast, pal. Remember?
Main meal, energy.You're not hungry,
you're not hungry.Wait a minute, Beth.
Hang on. He'll eat.Con, it's French toast.There's fresh fruit for you
when you get home from school.What are you doing?
You can't save French toast.I've got to run.
I'm playing at 9.Will you call Mr. Herman
about the shutters?I can't get anywhere
with that man.You have to charm
Mr. Herman.Did you charm him?You have to eat, Con.We just want you
to keep on getting stronger.Dad, I'm not hungry.Are you okay?
Yeah.I gotta go.Lazenby's
picking me up.Oh, is he? Great.Why is it great?Well, I don't see
the old gang much anymore.I kinda miss them.Why don't you
bring them around?Phil and Don
and Dick Van Buren.We'll play some
touch football on the lawn.See you later.Con!It's called flake.Come on, Jarrett!
We're late. Let's go!Jarrett, come on!Hey, Connie.
CONRAD: Hey.We're late 'cause Dickie's mom
was packing his lunch.You guys were late
when you got to my house.Here I'm up all night
studying for this poli-sci exam.That guy wants a goddamn
personal analysis of it all.How do you
make sense of that crap?You read the crap.
Horseshit!Yeah, when's the last time
you read something?We swim our asses off every day.
When are we supposed to study?I swim and I study.
Get a sense of reality.What are you reading?
Hardy.You guys ever try meditation?
Meditation?That's just
like thinking.Isn't that junior? Have you got
all junior classes this year?They didn't
pass you on anything?Stillman, you know they don't
pass you on breathingin that dump if you
don't take the final.Get something on that radio
and leave it.Get something lighter.Hope it's a long train because
I gotta get this stuff down.We're going
to be late.My hair looks like shit,
doesn't it?Yeah.
Thanks, guys.STILLMAN:
Hey, hey, hey!There's Pratt.
DICKIE: Look at that ass!Let me out.LAZENBY:
No dirty stuff
out of the window.DICKIE:
Pratt, you have nice knees!STILLMAN:
Hey, interested in
something, Jarrett?BOY:
Hey, Cleary!
Hey, Cleary!TEACHER:
Now why don't we discuss
some theory here.Conrad, what's your
theory on Jude Fawley?Conrad?What's your theory
on Jude Fawley?Uh, um...Do you think he was powerless
in the grip of circumstances,or could he
have helped himself?I don't...powerless?I guess
he thought he was, yeah.The guy was a real jerk.He was all hung up on what
was the moral thing to do.It didn't make any sense.I think that's
a little too easy, Joel.Paul, what do you think?PAUL:
I found the book
really hard to follow.I couldn't
figure it out.MAN : Hello.
Hello.Hello?
Uh, Dr. Berger?Yes?Hi. This is Conrad Jarrett.
Who?Conrad Jarrett.Dr. Crawford at Hillsboro
Hospital gave me your number.Oh, yes.
I'm with a patient now.Can you call me back at 2:15?I don't think
I'll be free.Then give me your number.
I'll call you tonight.Hello?Hello?Uh, that's okay. I'll try
to call you back. Thanks.COACH:
Go!Come on, now. Move it,
you guys! Move it!Keep it going! Keep it going!
Come on! Keep plugging!Use those legs!
Use those legs!Lazenby, get with it!
Jarrett, get your head down!Come on, no dogging!
Work it out there! Work it!Come on, now!
Come on! Push off!Get your head down,
Jarrett!Come on! Keep it up!
Keep it going!Dig in there!
Come on! Get with it!Push off, Jarrett!
Push off!Is he actually
a client of yours?Well, regionally.It's too bad.I mean,
it's tragic, really.Because look at him now.
He's lost everything.Fish too dry?No,
it's not too dry.They have a
new mechanic at C&S.What happened
to little Harry?I don't know. I think
he took a job in Skokie.This new mechanic
is just so awkward.Is that shirt ripped?Leave it on the table
in the hallway.That girl from the hospital,
the one you painted with,she was from Skokie,
wasn't she?What was her name?
Karen.Sharon?
Karen.Conrad, want me to sign you up
for round robin at the club?I haven't played
in a year.Well, don't you think
it's time to start?Also, Calvin, we have to go
to the Murrays on Saturday.I couldn't get out of it.
It's Clark's birthday.I bought him
that book on wine.Dear God.
Not the Murrays.Lift the rope off, Bucky!We're going in!Give me your hand!
Bucky!:
Bucky. Bucky.Oh, hi. How are you?
Oh, I'm fine.Just couldn't be better.
Really. Terrific. Yeah.Ah, hi. Here. Come in.
It's okay. They all do that.Jarrett.Come in.Sit down.I just have towire some volume.Sorry. Sit down.You have trouble
finding the place?Not yet.Uh...Jarrett.How long since you've been
out of the hospital?A month and a half.Feeling depressed?No.On stage?Pardon me?
People nervous,treating you like you're
a dangerous character?Yeah,
I guess a little.Are you?I don't know.How long were you
in the hospital?Four months.What did you do?I tried to off myself.
Isn't it down there?It doesn't say what
your method was.Double-Edged Super Blue.Oh.How does it feel being home?
Everybody glad to see you?Yeah.
Friends?Yeah.
Okay? Everything?You're back in school.Everything okay at school?
Teachers?Yeah.
No problems?Mm-mm.So why are you here?Uh...I'd like to be
more in control, I guess.Why?Uh, so people can quit
worrying about me.Who's worried
about you?Um, my father mostly.
This is his idea.What about your mother?
Isn't she worried about you too?I don't know. Listen,if you're a friend of Crawford
you're probably all right.But I'll be straight with you.
I don't like this already.Well, as long as
you're straight.What do you know about me?
Have you talked to Crawford?Yes. He called me
on the phone.He told me your name. He told me
to look for you, and, uh...He said you had
a brother who died.Uh, boating accident,
wasn't it?Want to tell me about it?Well, I suppose you talked this
over with Crawford, right?Right.Good. How did that go?It didn't change anything.What did you want to change?I told you, I'd like to be
more in control.Why?I told you. So people can
quit worrying about me.Well,
I'll tell you something.I'll be straight with you,
okay?I'm not big on control.But it's your money.Yeah, so to speak.So to speak.Okay.How's Tuesdaysand Fridays,
same time?Twice a week?Well, control's a tough nut.I got swim practice
every night.Well, that's a problem.How do we solve that?Guess I have to skip
practice twice a week.Well, it's up to you.I don't like being here.
I don't being here at all.Mm-hmm.I saw Mort Swain.
His sister died.The one from Idaho?The one with
the restaurant.Did she die in Idaho?I guess so.Why?You said she was
always traveling.I just wondered
if she died in Idaho.I don't know.Maybe she died
in Idaho.Maybe Kansas City.I went to see
Dr. Berger.CALVIN: Berger? Did you? Good.
CONRAD: Yeah.You didn't say
anything. Good!I went. Today.
When?I didn't know
you made an appointment.How did it go?
If it's too much money,I don't have to go.
It's not necessary.Don't worry about the money.
It's okay.Well, it's $50 an hour,
twice a week.It's okay.
And it is necessary.What did you
talk about?Not much.What about your schedule?Well, uh, it'll cut into
swim practice.Where's his office?Highland Park.COACH:
Come on, keep that
head straight, Jesse!I don't want
to tell you again.No, this is what I see.I see you yawning,
I see you come late.I don't see you
having any fun out there.Are you getting
enough sleep?Yeah.Are you having fun
out there?Fun?There's no point if you're
not having fun, right?Yeah, I guess so.You guess so.Are you on medication,
Jarrett?Tranquilizers?Anything?No. No, sir.Did I ask you before
if they gave you shock?Yeah.Yeah what?Yeah, you asked me.
Yeah, they did.Don't look at us,
Lazenby.Get your ass in the water!
Look at the bottom of the pool!You know, I'm no doctor,
Jarrett.I would never have let them
put electricity in my head.God that Salan! He's such a
picky bastard! Drives me nuts!Everybody
drives you nuts.Don and Fenetch looked good,
don't you think?They looked
very good.Con, is he giving
you a hard time?He gives everybody
a hard time.You guys don't want
a clarinet, do you?Yeah, Van Buren wants
a clarinet.I don't need a clarinet.
Who's selling it?My brother.
He needs a motorcycle.I need a new pair of shoes.
You need a new personality.You stand behind me
in the choir.Oh, I do? You do? Is that you?You have a lot
of energy.I do?
Yeah, I mean, that's good.My name's
Jeannine Pratt.Nice. Hi.And you're Conrad Jarrett,
remember.Right. Heh.Yeah. Um...bye.Bye-bye.You've got
a lot of energy.CHILDREN: Trick or treat!
Goodness!This is the scariest
ghost I've ever seen!And the tiger and the witch.
You all look wonderful.Thank you, Mrs. Jarrett.
Take an apple.There you go. Be careful.CHILDREN:
Thank you. Bye!The Cabots.
Little Julie's first time.God, she's so cute!BETH:
Know what
I've been thinking?That Christmas
in Londonwould be like
something out of Dickens.We've never done that before.
Christmas in London.Maybe we shouldn't
plan to go away right now.We talked about it.
We decided on that.Yeah, I know
we talked about it.The more I talk about, the more
the timing doesn't seem right.We've always gone
away at Christmas.I think it would be
good for him too.Anyway, isn't it time
we got back to normal?He's just started
with this doctor.All right,
so he'll miss three weeks.Why interrupt it?Because I want
to get away.I think we all should.
It's important.Not if he doesn't
go through with this now.He might change
his mind.All right. Then if
he changes his mind,maybe it's not something
that was right for him to do.You talked to him about it?
Does he want to go?I don't think he knows
what he wants to do.Oh, I'm sorry.Don't do that!I'm sorry.I didn't think
you were here.I'm sorry. I just got in.
I didn't know you were here.I didn't play golf today.
It's too cold.How was your golf game?I didn't play.Oh. It did get
colder today. Yeah.No, I mean, for the year,
it's colder.CONRAD:
Yeah.Weren't you swimming?Uh-huh. Yeah.
Sorry I scared you.How'd it go?Good.
I swam well today.Good.I think I could swim
the 50 if--If my timing
got better.I'm just a little off
on my timing.Well, you have to work at that.Yeah.I got 74
on a trig quiz.74?Gee, I was awful at trig.Oh, yeah?
Did you...You took trig?Wait a minute.Did I take trig?I bought you two shirts.
They're on your bed.Who's gonna be there?Well, the Murrays,
the Gunthers, and the Caines.And the good old us.Why don't we just go
to the movies instead?Don't be negative.That's not negative.
That's unpredictable.Come on,
let's really go to the movies.Okay.Really?Okay, yeah.
Come on. Let's go.What's our excuse?Beth wanted to go
to the movies?Good. Very good.All right now,
smile.And remember, not
too many martinis.Hello, Gladys. Will you put
that with the rest of them?Oh, look. We're in time
for the grand entrance.Look who's here!Three blocks away
and the last to arrive.Come on in.Happy birthday! You look
wonderful for a 75-year-old.You did the mousse?
It turned out well?Hey, partner.
How are you?Hey, pal.
Hi.Hi, Beth.Good to see you.
Where were you at the lunch?Go to your bank,
borrow the money.I was thinking
of going public.I wouldn't do it now.
Why not?Because the market's low.Your hair looks wonderful.
It's shorter.It is shorter.
You like it?I said, "Please put
out your cigar."He says, "Huh?"
I said, "Put out the cigar."He says, "Huh?" I said,
"Would you put out your cigar?"He says, "I don't
have another one."Good to see you!You look beautiful, as ever.
Thank you.The macho factor.
When these kids are at school,they think they've got
to walk on the edge of danger.What are these
hushed tones all about?He told
the funniest joke!I'm not
talking to you.Why?I have my fingers
crossed on this merger.Why don't we
get together for lunch?Call me at the office. I have
no idea what my schedule isbut I'm free almost
every day.Bob McLean's leaving
Coleman and Johnson.Where is he going?He doesn't know.Jesus.No, you didn't.Isn't he the meanest
man you've met?When a ball
is in play,if a player or caddy
accidentally move it...ALL:
♪ Jolly good fellow ♪♪ For he's
A jolly good fellow ♪♪ALL:
♪ Won't regret
Can't forget ♪♪ What we did ♪♪ For ♪♪ Love ♪♪Hi, Annie.
What's your boy up to?Oh, who knows?
They won't tell.How's Conrad doing?He's great.
Just great.I asked Donald. He says
they haven't talked much.I said maybe he's a
a little self-conscious.Oh!No, no, no.No, he's...There's a doctor
in Highland Parkthat he sees
a couple of times a week.And that kind of
cuts into his social life.He's great.
Just great.ANNIE:
Is he? Is he still
having some problems?Oh, no, nothing
like that.Just somebody to talk to,
that's all.Kind of polish off
the rough edges.How you doing,
darling?Is he falling
asleep on you?Nah. He's great.Mr. Great.
That's me.Hey.You drink too much
at parties, Calvin.I'm not drunk.
Why did you tell Anniethat Conrad is seeing a
psychiatrist?I don't know.
Why not?I don't think people
don't hear that thing easily.Come on. For most people,
it's a status symbol.Right up there with
going to Europe.I thought your
blurting it out like thatwas in very bad taste.
I didn't think--Not to mention
a violation of privacy.Whose privacy?
Ours! The family's privacy!I think it is
a very private matter.So, what do I do?
I tell you my dreams?I don't hold much stock
in dreams.What kind of
a psychiatrist are you?They all believe
in dreams.Really?What's happening?What's going on?I don't know.
I just feel--I feel so...What?
Jumpy. I don't know.Look, kiddo,I lied.I do believe in dreams.Sometimes I want to know what's
happening when you're awake.Now, come on.
Something's bugging you,making you nervous.
You're making me nervous.Maybe I need a tranquilizer,
you know?Tranquilizer?
Yeah.What do you think?I think you came in here
looking likesomething out of
the Body Snatchers.It's not my impression that
you need a tranquilizer.What is this?A clock.So you get to tell the time
but I can't, is that is?Mm-hmm.So you know when
the hour's up?Right.Fifty minutes, 55 minutes?
What is it?Maybe I don't
want to swim anymore.You know,
my timing's for shit.He's got two guys that are
swimming the 50 better than me.They're a bunch
of boring-ass jocks.And him,
I can't stand him.He's a tight-ass
son of a bitch.Have you
thought about quitting?Are you telling me to?
Nope.It wouldn't
look good.Forget about how it looks.
How does it feel?:
How does it feel?:
How does it feel?
How does it feel?Yes. How does it feel?It's the same thing
that happened last year.It's the same damn thing
I did last year.You the same person
as last year?
I don't know.So you need a tranquilizer?
You tell me.Nope. It's up to you.
Fifty bucks an hour,can't you decide
if I should have a pill?You're a doctor. I'm supposed
to feel better, right?Not necessarily.How is it with your friends?
Is it getting any easier?No. It's still hard.Is any place easy?The hospital was.It was? Why?Because nobody
hid anything there.Was there anyone there
you could talk to?Uh-huh.I mean,
besides Dr. Crawford?Uh-huh.Whoa!
Hi.Hey! Karen!Hi. How are you?
Hi.Good. Good. I feel good.Sit down, please.
Thank you.Wow.When did you
get back?Uh, the end of August.Good.It's great to see you.Oh, you too.Listen, I'm not gonna
be able to stay a long time.I've got a meeting
over at school.Drama club meeting.We're doing
A Thousand Clowns.You know it?Anyway, we're going so crazy
trying to get it together.I'm secretary too.Don't let me hang you up.
You're not hanging me up.No. I really
wanted to see you.I didn't know
quite what to expect.You sounded sort of funny
on the phone.No. No, I wasn't.It was just a gray day,
that's all.Everything's great. I'm back
in school, the swim team.Oh, you're swimming?
Yeah.Terrific, Conrad.God, that's really
wonderful.We haven't had any meets.
I could end up on the bench.Come on.
You'll do great.I'll bet your folks are
real proud of you.Yeah, yeah.What can
I get you guys?You hungry at all?I just want a Coke.Two Cokes, please.You think we offended him?Something I said?Definitely
a low self-image day.So, uh...Are you--
What did--I can't believe
how beautiful you look.You really look
beautiful.So do you.Do you miss it?Miss what?The hospital.No.Thank you.You don't miss it?
Nothing about it?No.You don't miss
Leo's corny jokes?Are you seeing
a doctor?Yeah, I'm seeing a doctor.
Are you?Uh, well, Dr. Crawford
gave me a name.And I went for a while.
But uh,I don't know, it just
didn't work for me, I guess.He just kept telling me
all the things I already knew.And finally,
I decided the only onewho can help me is myself.At least,
that's what my dad says.I don't mean it's not right
for you, Conrad.I think if it's something
you want to do,that's what
you should be doing.Yeah, I don't know
how long I'll keep it up.I sort of got
shoved into it.Your hair grew in.Oh. Yeah. That was such
a dumb thing to do.I like it.You do?
Yeah.I don't know.
I just, uh...I miss it sometimes.
The hospital.I really do.Things have to
change, you know?But that's where
we had the laughs.But that was
a hospital.This is
the real world.Yeah, yeah.
I guess you're right.I really have to go.I'm sorry.I have a meeting
over at the school.Drama club. We're doing
A Thousand Clowns.I know. You told me.Did I?Yeah.I better hurry.Don't want to be late.Thanks for seeing me.
Ahem.Conrad...Let's have a
great Christmas.Okay?Let's have a great year.Let's have the best year
of our whole lives, okay?We can, you know. This could
be the best year ever.Yeah.Yeah.Yeah.Um, will you call me?Yeah.
You mean it?Yep.You, uh...You look good, Conrad.Yeah.Bye.
Bye-bye.Hey!Would you cheer up?It's cold out here.You should put that on.Or do you want a sweater?Do I need one?What are you doing?Nothing.Thinking.About what?Not about anything.Your hair is
starting to grow out.It's looking...
Looking better.I was thinking
about the pigeon.The one that used to
hang around the garage,and how it used
to get on top of your car,and he'd take off when you
pulled out of the driveway.Oh, yeah, I remember.I remember how scared
I used to get ifthat whoosh!
Flap, flap, flap!Every time
I started the car.Yeah. That was the closest
we came to having a pet.You remember Buck asked you,
he tried to talk you intogetting a dog.
Do you remember that?He said, "How about if it's
just the size of a football?"You know, um,
that animal next door,that Pepper or Pippin--Pippin, Pippin, Pippin.He's not a friendly dog,I don't care
what Mr. McGreary says.He wanted the retriever
down the street for sale.Every time that dog comes into
this yard, I try to get him out.Arf! Arf! Arf!Put that on if you're going
to stay out here, okay?Can I help?Help what?
You mean with this?Yeah.
No.I will.
I'll tell you what you can do.You can go upstairs to your room
and clean out the closet.Mom.Okay?Because it
really is a mess.Hello.Oh, hi.I didn't get there.
I was swamped with work.How did it go?No, I'm not doing anything.
Just getting ready for dinner.Uh-huh. Heh-heh.Did she really?Mary Ann Ramon
started to scream,just cry, right?We got so drunk,
we couldn't talk.It was the last
day of school.We walked out of
the building.BETH: You walked out?
BUCKY: Middle of class.BETH:
Oh, Bucky.No, stop!BERGER:
What do you
expect from her?We just
don't connect.Why not?
I don't know. We just don't.What are you thinking?That I jack off
a lot.So what else is new?Does it help?For a minute.What now?John Boy.Who?You know on The Waltons,
John Boy?Yeah.
What about him?My father came into my room,
and he didn't know what to say.And this is right after
Buck died.And he came over, he sat
on the bed right next to me,put arm around my shoulder,
we just sat there.I remember I was
watching his shoe.And thinking--Because his shoe was turned
over on its side.And I was thinking,
he's so uptight!It's gonna crack off.And I knew I should've
felt something.I didn't know what to feel.I kept thinking
what they say on TV,stuff like,
"Oh, no, no, my God!But I didn't say that
because I didn't feel sadso much as...So much as what?I kept thinking John Boy
would've said somethingabout how the way he felt.
Something.What would John Boy
had said?I don't know.Come on.Come on.Come on what?Don't hold back.MAN:
Well, at least she's
an improvement.She doesn't crack gum
in your face.That's what you getwhen you let your partner
do the hiring and firing.I'm sorry.
That's my fault.I can never seem
to tell anybodythat they're
not making it.Hold it.
Wait a minute.That's not the problem.Where are you?What?I've been losing you
these days.Oh, I'm sorry.That's okay.
That's okay.You off the track?
Huh?Come on. I've known
you for 20 years.You think I can't tell
when something's wrong?How's Connie?Connie's all right.He is. He's okay.I'm sorry, it's none
of my business,but I think you
worry too much.You've been on the rack
about him long enough.You're making it a habit.
Gotta let him go sometime.I'm not on
the rack about him.The thing about it is,
in a year, he'll be gone,off to Michigan or Harvardor wherever
he wants to go.Maybe he'll decide
to take a tour of Europeand not go to school
at all.Who knows?I can't argue
with who knows.I'm giving you
the benefit of my experience.Thanks.With Valerie, it's more
than her living away from home.She's gone.Got her own friends,
her own life.She breezes in for a couple
of days on vacations.But I don't know.
Maybe girls are different.Or maybe she
was too awareof what was happening
between Nance and me.But they leave,
and all that worryingdoesn't amount
to a hill of crap.It's just wasted energy.Bucky, give me back
my sweater!Come on, it's my sweater!
BUCKY: The hell it is!Hang on a second.BUCKY:
Dad, what's possession?CONRAD:
Give it to me!BUCKY:
I can't!
It's already on me.Take it off!
Whose sweater is it?It's my sweater!Okay! I'll give
it back to you.As long as you
give me back my skis.All right.
That fair?Conrad! Conrad!
What is it?MEDIC 1:
Watch your back.MEDIC 2:
Cuts are vertical.
He really meant business.MEDIC 1:
Get 'em to clear the driveway.
Let's go.CONDUCTOR:
Lake Forest is next.
Lake Forest.What is it you want?I don't know
what else to do.I'm not asking
you to do anything.You gotta be kidding me.See, I don't get it.I excuse you from practice
twice a week so you cansee some shrink,I work with you every night
at your convenience.What the hell more
am I supposed to do for you?Nothing.A bright kid like you.
Everything going for him.See, I don't get it.Why do you wanna keep
messing up your life?I don't think that
quitting swimmingwill mess up my life.I really don't.Okay.Okay. Now, this is it.Yeah.You're a big kid now.
Mm-hm.Actions have consequences.
Okay.I'm not taking you back.Remember that.
I won't ask you to, sir.What happened?
You all right?Hey. Yeah.Salan says
you quit the swim team.Yeah, yeah.
Why?I don't know.
I felt like it was a bore.That's not a real reason!
That's the way it is.So what's going on?
Nothing. Nothing.Connie, come on.
Talk to me.Nothing. Swimming's a bore,
that's all.I talked to--
Quit talking to people!Okay?Holy shit.Yeah, sure.Fuck you, Jarrett.BOYS:
Ohh!LAZENBY:
Shut up.Leave it alone.BOY:
I told you
the guy's a flake.What did your dad say
about it?I haven't told him yet.How come?I don't know.
The timing isn't right.He sweats everything.
He'll just get worried.Can you tell your mother?
My mother?My mother and I don't connect.
Don't you listen?What do people have in common
with mothers anyway?It's all surface junk.You know?"Clean your room,
brush your teeth,get good grades."
Nah, nah, nah.I'm just wasting money today.
I'm not gonna feel anything.I'm sorry.
No. Sorry's out.Come on, something's
on your mind.What time is it?
No.Never mind the time.
There's time.Remember the contract?
Control?Maybe there's
some connectionbetween control
and lack of feeling.I said I feel things.When?Come on.When?Sometimes.
I don't know.I thought you didn't
like to fool around.I don't.
So?What do you want?Leave "I don't know"
out there on the table.If I don't have an answer,
you want me to make one up?Make one up right now
about there's no feelings there.I said
I have feelings.Now you have 'em, now you don't.
Get it together.Why are you trying
to make me mad?Are you mad?
No!Cut the shit! You're mad!
You're mad as hell!You don't like being pushed.
Do something about it!What?
Tell me to fuck off!Well, fuck--
No. I can't do this.Why not?
Can't do this, no.It takes too much energy
to get mad.You know how much it takes
to hold it back?When I let myself feel,
all I feel is lousy.I beg your pardon!♪ I never promised
You a rose garden ♪Fuck you, Berger. Fuck you!
What?Yeah?
Fuck you!That's it.
You're really weird!What do you feel?
Do you jack off?What do you think?
You married a fat ladyand you go home and fuck
the daylights out of her!Sounds good to me.Little advice about feeling,
kiddo.Don't expect it
always to tickle.Do you know how to aim that?WOMAN:
Be quiet, I have to
concentrate.Smile, everybody.Is it in focus?Smile, smile.
Okay, good.I want to
take the three young ones.Dad, get out of there.
Get out of there.All right.Connie.Be quiet.Conrad,
where are you?Between your mother
and father.You're taller
than your mother is!Will you be quiet?Smile.
This is beautiful.Hold it level.
Shut up.Wonderful.
Now Cal and Beth.MAN:
Sure. Go on.Come on! You can do
better than that.I want to take a picture
of Connie and his mother.Let's get the
three men in there.CALVIN:
Connie, move closer
to your mother.Okay. Prize winner.Yeah, that's great.Do it.Isn't it, Mother?
Yes, marvelous.It isn't cocked.Calvin.CALVIN:
Hold it.
Connie, smile.Calvin!Smile.Give me the camera.
I didn't get it yet.Give me the camera.
Dad, give her the camera.I want a really good picture
of the two of you.But I want a shot
of you three men.Give me the camera.
Not until I get you two.BETH: Cal!
CALVIN: Hang on.Give her
the goddamn camera!Smile.Who's hungry?
I'll make the sandwiches.Beth.I think it can be saved.That was dumb.
It was just so dumb.I don't think
he's happy in school.Have you talked
to his teachers?I don't think people don't
want to be with him.He provokes people.Well, it's
an awkward age.Thank you.Maybe he
needs a change.You sure
he's eating enough?Yes, Mother.I think he'll be all right,if you're firm with him.I think maybe he should
go away to school.I just don't know
how to deal with him.Who would make
that decision?I suppose this
doctor he's seeing.What sort of doctorwould make that
decision for you?A psychiatrist.I thought we were
all finished with that.No.What's his name?Berger.Jewish doctor?I don't know.
I suppose he's Jewish.Maybe just German.What does
Cal say about all this?You know, I think
this can be saved.It's a nice clean break.♪ Amen, amen, alleluia ♪♪ Amen ♪♪ Amen ♪♪Altos, that last
"E" natural could be higher.Officers, don't forget
your meeting tonight.GIRLS:
Hi, Jeannine.You are really
a terrific tenor.In fact, you should be
doing the solo.Heh. No, I...
No, I'm serious.You sing well.I'm getting
to know your voice.How can you hear me
if you're singing?Well...I don't always sing.Sometimes I just listen.
Oh?For instance, Marcia Blair
can't sing a note.Janet Fox mouths the words
and never sings.A detective.
Yeah.JEANNINE:
Do you like Vivaldi?
Telemann?CONRAD:
Telemann? Um...JEANNINE:
What kind of music
do you like?Oh, uh...Modern jazz, I like.Folk rock,
spoon on a glass.Spoon on a glass?Oh, you mean,
like, table spoons?Oh, dear.Why do I ask
dumb questions?I'm just
showing off.Why is it so hard the first time
you talk to somebody?You make it
look easy.Really?Oh. That's my bus.
I got to go.I'll see
you later!And you're really
a terrific tenor!♪ Ah, you're
Just saying that ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Ah ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ♪♪ Ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia, alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia, alleluia ♪♪ Alleluia ♪♪WOMAN:
Hello.Hello, is Karen there?
Who's calling?It's a friend of hers
from Hillsboro.Oh.She's not home
from school yet.Oh, um...Hmm...
Tell her I called.This is Conrad calling.Tell her I'm feeling greatand I wanted
to talk to her.Yes, I will.Okay. Thank you.
Goodbye.Ahem. Hello, Jeannine.
This is Conrad.Hello, Jeannine.
This is Conrad.:
Hello, Jeannine.
This is Conrad.Conrad.:
Conrad?What a dumb name.Hello, Jeannine.
This is Bill.JEANNINE:
Hello?Hello. Hello, this is--Hello, this is
Conrad calling.Jarrett.Oh. Oh, hi!Hi. Listen, I was...I was wondering
if maybe you'd liketo go out sometime?You mean with you?
Like on a date?Yeah. We wouldn't have
to call it a date.We could fake it.
See how it goes.That was dumb. Just forget it.
Now start over.Hi, this is Conrad Jarrett.I'd love to. When?I didn't see you there.What do you think?It's fine.Rawlins used to have
great Scotch pines.And they look like
skeletons this year.Hi. What do you think?It's very nice.What is wrong?Why don't you
ask him what's wrong?Maybe you won't have to
hear it from Carol Lazenby.CALVIN:
Hear what?Dad, I quit the swim team.
What?BETH:
Carol thought I knew.Why wouldn't I? It happened
over a month ago.CALVIN:
Quit? When?Where have you
been every night?Nowhere. Around.
The library mostly.Why didn't you tell us?
I didn't think it mattered.What do you mean?
Of course it matters.No, that was meant for me.What was meant for you?It's important
to hurt me, right?Don't you have that backwards?
Oh?How do I hurt you? Embarrassing
you in front of a friend?"Poor Beth, she has no idea
what her son is up to.He lies and she believes
every word of it."I didn't lie.
You did!Every time you came
into this house at 6:30!If it's starting all over again,
the lying, the covering up,I will not stand for it.
I can't stand it.Don't then! Go to Europe!
Connie!The only reason
she gives a fuck about itis because someone else
knew about it first!Just stop it!
You tell her to stop!You never tell her
to stop!I know why he never
came to the hospital.She's busy going to goddamn
Spain and Portugal!She doesn't care if I'm hung up
by the balls out there.Maybe this is how
they talk at the hospital,but we're not
at the hospital.You never came
to the hospital!She had the flu and
couldn't come inside.She would've come if Buck
was in the hospital!Buck never would've been
in the hospital!CALVIN:
That is enough!
That is enough!I won't do it again.
I really won't.What in hell
has happened?Somebody better
go up there.God, yes, that's the pattern.He walks all over us,
then you apologize to him.I'm not going to apologize!
Yes, of course you are!You've been
apologizing to himsince he got home from the
hospital! Only you don't see it!I am trying to
goddamn understand him!Don't talk to me
the way he talks to you.Beth. Let's not fight, okay?No fighting, okay?Please.Let's go upstairs.I want to talk to you.
I need to sleep.In a minute.
I didn't mean any of it.I'm sorry.
Please don't be mad.I'm trying to
figure out what happened.CONRAD:
I don't know what happened.
I'm sorry.I didn't mean it.Please, tell her
I'm sorry, will you?Why don't you?
God, no, I can't!I can't talk to her!Why not?It doesn't
change anything.It doesn't change the way
she looks at me.She was upset.Your mother was hurt
because you quit the team.I don't understand it myself.No, I don't mean just now.I don't
mean just today.What then?
Explain it to me.I can't. You don't
see things.What things?What things?I want you to tell me.That she hates me.
Can't you see that?Your mother doesn't hate you.You're right. She doesn't.Please
leave me alone now.Do you think
Dr. Berger's helping you?Don't blame it on Berger.
It's not his fault.I'll be downstairs
if you need me.Tuesday everything
was hunky-dory.You're the doctor.Don't take refuge
in one-liners, okay?Because that
pisses me off.Okay, okay.Everything was finetill you had the fight
with your mother?But I don't blame her.She's got her reasons.
It's impossible,after all the shit
I've pulled.What shit
have you pulled?Remember, I'm talking
proportion here.Now what shit?You must be able to come up
with at least one example.Don't give me
"I tried to kill myself."What have
you done lately?Lately? Hey, come on.Listen, I'll never
gonna be forgiven for that.Never.You can't get out
the blood in her towelsand in her rug.Everything
had to be pitched.Even the bathroom tile
had to be regrouted.Christ, she fired the maidbecause she couldn't dust
the living room right.If you think I'll forgive--She's gonna forgive me...?What?I think I just figured
something out.What?What is who can't
forgive who.BERGER:
A real problem has
a real solution.CONRAD:
I've heard about
this before.BERGER:
Doesn't make it
any less true.CONRAD:
I'm so tired.BERGER:
That's a hell of a secret
you've been keeping.So what do I do now?Recognize
her limitations.You mean
like she can't love me?No. Like she can't
love you enough.Don't blame her for not loving
you more than she's able.But she loves my father.I know she loved my brother.It's me.
No.We're back to the rotten
kid routine.She can't love you because
you're unlovable.Where does that
leave your dad?How come he loves you?
You're a rotten kid.That's different.
He feels responsible.Besides, he loves everybody.I get it.
The guy's got no taste.He loves you,
but he's wrong.Look...maybe she just can't express itthe way you'd like her to.Maybe she's afraid to show
you what she feels.What do you mean?There's someone
besides your motheryou gotta forgive.You mean me?For trying to off myself?Don't stare at me.
What for?Why don't you let yourself
off the hook?What did I do?What did I do?!We'll talk about it Thursday.
Come on!Time's up.
What do you mean?Come on, what did I do?You know the rules.What rules?
Can't I have a few minutes?You think about it.Just think about it.Jesus!Say, after going
to a new highit falls to 112 1/4,and then rallies
on good volume.I order to buy 4,000.If I get the 4,000
at 113 3/4,I know something's wrong.But suppose I order
to buy the 4,000 shares,and I plug in
at 113 3/4.I get 2,000 at 114,
500 at 114 1/4,and the rest on the way up.so the last 500 shares
I pay 115 1/2,then I know I'm right.I'm going to
peel off here.Okay.
I'll see you.See you later.MAN:
Suppose the order
to buy 4000 at 113 3/4...BETH:
He walks all over us,
and you apologize.MAN:
500 at 114...CONRAD:
Dad, you don't see things.BETH:
You've been apologizingsince he returned
from the hospital.CONRAD:
Tell her to stop it!BETH:
Buck never would've
been in the hospital!CONRAD:
She hates me!
Can't you see that?CALVIN:
I want to be clear.BERGER:
That's good.In the car,
I was thinking, "be clear."I suppose that's what
psychiatry's about:being precise and clear.And honest, of course.I'm not a great believer
in psychiatry.Okay.What happens here
is between you and him,and I respect that.He's better.
I can see that.I just don't believe
in psychiatryas a panacea
for everybody.Neither do I.I wish I knew what
I was doing here.You said you could shed
some light on some things.What did you mean by that?I think I meant
in terms of Conrad.I knew something
was wrongeven before
he tried to kill himself.But I thought
that...It's clear that
he's very smart.He's always
been an "A" student.Naturally, I thought
intelligent peoplecould work out
their problems.But you still
feel responsible?Yeah, sure I do.It's hard not to.It was just luck
that I happened to be therewhen he tried it.We both could've been away.
It was luck.You think of yourself
as a lucky man?No. No, no.I used to think that
I was a lucky personbefore the accident.I guess the whole of lifeis nothing but an accident,
isn't it?What happens to you.
What you do with it.That sounds more like
the philosophy of a drifter.Yeah. Maybe.Maybe I am drifting
a little.I can see myself
and I can see the two of themdrifting away from me,
and I just stand watching.What would you
want to do about that?Something. I gotta do something.
I don't know what.I feel like I'm
sitting on a fence.They're on opposite sides
of this fence?Yeah. No.I don't know.I see her not being able
to forgive him.For what?I don't know exactly.Being too much like her.People always think that she
and Buck are-- Were alike.But it's really
she and Conrad.They were the only twothat didn't cry
at the funeral.It's not easy for me
to admit this,but, um...She didn't...His mother doesn't show him
a great deal of affection.I'm not trying
to put her down.She is a wonderful woman.Did she give much affection
to Buck?God, yes.
She loved Buck.Bucky got so much.What she felt
for him was special.He was her first-born.
That's not unusual, is it?And you?Oh, I loved Buck.I mean,
your wife's affection.For me, you mean?
Yes.Heh. Well,
she's very...No, there's
no problem with her for me.We've been married
nearly 21 years.Everybody loves Beth.For Conrad,
it's been difficult.He didn't
talk about that?We don't know
what happens here.It doesn't come up.I guess that's what it is.It's private here,
isn't it?Mm-hmm. Very private.I think I know
why I came here.I think I came here
to talk about myself.Okay. Why don't we?Hi.Calvin?What's the matter?This will sound strange.What I'm going to say
will sound strange.What happened?Come inside.Could we talk about
Buck's funeral?What?It'll seem trivial,
but it's on my mind.I'd just like
to talk about it.Why?When I was getting dressed
for Buck's funeral--Calvin, what's the matter
with you?Let me get it off
my chest, okay?What could getting dressed
for Buck's funeralhave to do with anything?I was wearing
a blue shirt.You said, "Wear a white shirt
and other shoes."It was nothing at the time.But it always seemed
to stay with me.And I've for some reason
been thinking about it,and it suddenly
occurred to me:What difference did it make
what I wore to Buck's funeral?Hear me out, Beth!I won't listen to that.
No one would listen to that.I just want to talk about
something I always remember.Why do you want
to remind me of it?Because I've wondered
in some needling waywhat it mattered what I wore.I was crazy that day.We were going
to our son's funeral.And you were worried about
what I wore on my feet.I'm sure it sounds like nothing,
but it sticks with me,and I wanted to
tell you about it.It's all right.Beth! How are you?I'm fine. How are you?I haven't
seen you.I'll call you.
How's Brad?Fab!
Give him my love.Isn't this madness?It gets worse
every year.Goodbye.
Bye.May I show you this
in your size?What?May I show you
this dress in your size?Oh, no.
No, thanks.Bennetts,
Grants, and Foleys.Conrad should get something
for my parents.He's not supposed to get
something for his doctor, is he?I don't think so.
I think we should go see him.What?We could all
go see him together.Why?He thinks it's a good idea.He think it's a good idea?
What does he know about me?About this family?
I've never even met him.Wouldn't it be easier
if we all talked about it?In the open?
About what?What will we talk about?Don't try to change me.
I don't want any more changes.Hasn't enough happened?Let's hold on
to what we've got.That is what this is for.Maybe you'll
get a surprise.I don't want any surprises.I know I'm not perfect.If I can't hug everybody
like you, I'm sorry.You're missing the point.I don't want to see
any doctors or counselors.I'm me.
This is my family.We will solve our
problemsin the privacy
of our own home,not by running to some
specialist every time--WAITRESS:
Are you folks
ready to order?Could you give me
a couple of minutes?Running to experts
every time something goes wrong.I know you mean well.I want this to
be a nice Christmas.I do too.I want all of them
to be nice Christmases.We need time together, Calvin.
You and I.We have to get away.
New Year's.We'll spend time in Houston
with my brother and Audrey.Play a little golf, relax.I've already talked
to Mother.Conrad can
stay with them.Please don't
worry about it.Please, for his sake,
don't indulge him.We need time together.Okay?Okay.Okay.I love you.I love you, too.Let's just give
things time, okay?Okay.Conrad.
Hmm?I don't bowl.I'm a horrible
bowler.That's all right.
Yeah. Well...Hey, I got it.The thing is
I'm a funny bowler.Listen, we don't
have to go bowling.I'm not a bowling nut.How funny are you?On a scale from 1 to 10,
about a 10.That's pretty funny.I promise you won't look silly.Guarantee it?
Guarantee it.Can you ever
break the ball?Can't break the ball,
can't break the floor.Can't break anything
in a bowling alley.That's what I like
about bowling alleys.Can't even
break the record.Anyway...Hmm? What?"Anyway."
It's a conversation starter.Catchy.
You like it?I've been working
on it all day.Do you think people are
punished for things they do?By God?
Yeah.I don't
believe in God.Not at all?
No.Either you do or don't.I believe in God.You afraid he'll punish
you for something you did?No. I've done a lot of things
I'm ashamed of.Yeah? So have I.Did it hurt?Uh, no, I don't know.
I don't remember really.You don't want
to talk about it?No. Uh, I've never really
talked about it.To doctors,
but not to anyone else.You're the first person
who's asked.Why did you do it?Uh...I don't know.
It was like...falling into a hole.It was like
falling into a holeand it keeps getting bigger
and bigger,and you can't get out.All of a sudden,
it's inside,and you're the hole.And you're trapped,
and it's all over.Something like that.It's not really scary,except it is when
you think back on it.'Cause you know what you were
feeling was strange and new...BOYS:
♪ Like McDonald's can ♪♪ Nobody can do it ♪♪ Like McDonald's can ♪♪ You deserve
A break today ♪♪ So get up
And get away ♪Hey, Jarrett.How you doing?
How about some fries?JEANNINE:
What are you doing?Hey, lighten up.Hey, I don't like
your attitude.Energetic,
those guys.Yeah, they were
pretty funny.No.You thought
they were funny.No, I...I'm sorry.What for?Anyway...Do you want to talk?About what?Are you okay?Yeah.Yeah, I'm fine.I'll give you a call.Will you?
I want you to.Sure.Well...Guess I'll see you
in choir.Okay, yeah.Thanks.Okay.I mean,
good night.Good night.Seven.WOMAN :
In preparation
for our landing in Houston,observe the fasten
seat belt sign,and no smoking until
well inside the terminal.Watch this.Pessimistic golfer.Pessimistic golfer.Oh, damn!Are we two up? Two?MAN:
Two!All right,
let's hustle up.I'll never get over
how flat it is here.Audrey and I decided we're
gonna teach you to love it.He wants everybody
to move here.It is so good
to see you.You look tired, Cal.
Airplane Scotch.Would you tell me
why am I still hungry?'Cause you're
in Texas.We'll get you home,get some steaks
on the barbeque.Audrey will put
together a salad.A baked potato, too?How long has he had
that drawl?Since joining the country club.It sure wasn't funny.We weren't that bad.I don't know how you can
listen to that lectureabout Buck Jarrett
one more time.He bugs me
when he does that.Will he ever stop
kissing his picture?Stillman, shut up.Connie,
want a ride?Oh, no, thanks.We could've
used you today.Oh, I don't think so.I don't think
anybody could've helped us.I hear you got eyes
for Pratt.You in her pants yet?
Try not to be such a prick.You're the prick.Guys like you walk around
acting like you're King Shit.You give me a goddamn
pain in the ass.Think we owe you--Connie, come on!
Come on!Connie!Connie!
Cool it, that's enough.No! No!Let go! Let go!It's all right!Just calm down.You're crazy!
You know that?Send him back
where he came from!It's over.
It's over.All right!Shit!Here's your hat.You want to talk?The guy's a nothing.He's a zero upstairs.You used to know that
about him, Con.So?So you make yourself look stupid
when you let him get to you!So I look stupid? Is that it?
No, it isn't!What is it with you, huh?I don't know why you wanna
be in this alone.You know, I miss him too.Connie, the three of us
were best friends.It hurts too much
to be around you.I got to go.Yeah, okay.WOMAN:
Hello.Hello. Is Karen there?She... Uh...Bill.MAN:
Hello.Is Karen there?This is Conrad Jarrett calling.I'm a friend of hers.
I've called--BILL:
Karen's dead.What? What?She killed herself.KAREN:
Let's have the best
Christmas ever.We can, you know.We could have the best year
of our whole lives.Get the sail down!Keep it starboard!Get the sail down!
Get it down!Keep it starboard!Keep trying!I can't! Let it out!Let it out!
Just keep it starboard!I can't!Bucky!Give me your hand!We screwed up, bigtime!Dad's gonna haul ass
over this!It ain't
so goddamned funny!Don't let go!
I won't, Buck!Everything gonna be okay!Hang on, brother!Don't let go!
Stay with me!Stay with me!Stay with me!Oh, God!Bucky!Buck!Buck!BERGER : Hello.
CONRAD: This is Conrad.What's going on?
I need to see you.What time is it?
I don't know.Where are you?
I don't know.All right, listen to me.Get to the office
and I'll meet you there.Okay.Good. You're here.Something happened.
BERGER: Just wait.Hold on.
CONRAD: I need--BERGER:
Wait till we get inside.There.Shit.You'd think they'd
assume there'd be emergencies.No, don't take it off.
Just sit down.Something happened.
What?It's...
It's what?Oh, God!I need something.
What do you need? Tell me.It just keeps coming.
I can't make it stop!Don't try.Got to get off
the hook.For what? What did you do?
For what I did.What I did to him!
What did you do?It's gotta be
somebody's faultor there ain't no
goddamn point!What point?
It happened!Oh, no.
I don't mean that.It's just that...Bucky, I didn't mean it.Bucky, I didn't mean it.Bucky!
I know. It wasn't your fault.It was! You said,
"get the sail down!"And I couldn't!
It jammed!And then the halyard jammed!Because the goddamned
halyard jammed!Then you're sittin' here
screwing around!Until it's too late
to do anything!And I'm supposed
to take care of it!And that wasn't fair.No! And then
you say, "hang on!""Hang on!"
And then you let go!Why'd you let go?Because I got tired!Yeah? Well,
screw you, you jerk!It hurts to be mad at him,
doesn't it?Yeah.He just wasn't careful.He didn't see how a bad thing
might happen.Bad things happen even
when people are careful.We should've come in
when it started to look bad.Okay. So you made a mistake.Why did he let go?Why?Maybe you were stronger.Did it ever occur to you
that you might've been stronger?How long you gonna
punish yourself?When are you gonna quit?
I'd like to quit.Why don't you?
It's not that easy.God...I loved him.I know.What happened?
What started all this?Karen.She killed herself.I just found out
she's dead.Jesus.She was fine.
She was okay.No. She wasn't.
She was. She was!She told me!
She said she was--What?She was busy and
feeling good and--And what?What?If I'd known,
I could've done something.Now you wanna take her on too?No!
No?No, I just...
What?That isn't it. I--I feel really
bad about this.Just let me feel
bad about this!Okay.Listen, I feel
bad about it, too.Why do things have to
happen to people?It isn't fair.You're right.
It isn't fair.You just do
one wrong thing, and...Mm-hmm.And what was the one
wrong thing you did?You know.You know.I hung on.I stayed
with the boat.Exactly.Now, you can live
with that, can't you?I'm scared!I'm scared.Feelings are scary.And sometimes
they're painful.And if you can't feel pain,
you won't feel anything else.You know what I'm saying?I think so.You're here and you're alive.And don't tell me
you don't feel that.It doesn't feel good.It is good.Believe me.How do you know?Because I'm your friend.I don't know
what I would've doneif you hadn't been here.You're really my friend?I am. Count on it.Hi.I was gonna call,but I didn't
want to wake anyone.Might have been easier--
About the other night...I liked being with you.
I didn't like myself.Conrad, I was stupid.That was dumb of me to laugh.
It was my fault.I just didn't know what to do.
I was embarrassed.Really?
You were embarrassed?Yes. When those boys came in,it was awful and awkward.That's what I do when
I get embarrassed, I laugh.But they were just
having a good time.And I let them get in the way
of what was happening.It was dumb.
It was dumb.I've been doing a lot of
dumb things lately.I just didn't know if you
were being straight with me.And...Yeah?Anyway, I'd like
to try it again.I thought
it worked out okay.Except for the bowling.Yes.
Yes?Yes.Um, are you going
to school?No, not on Sunday.Have you eaten?No, I haven't.Do you want
some breakfast?Okay.Mom!All right.
How about that?Boy, oh, boy.I do love that.These holes
sure do love you.We should spend more time
playing golf together.Maybe our next vacation
strictly golf.Pinehurst, Myrtle Beach...Pinehurst
would be nice.I think Connie would
like Pinehurst.Do you do that deliberately
or is that just a reflex?I assumed you
meant him, too.I'm surprised you
haven't called him.I was gonna call him
him tonight.Hey, can we have
a little drink?Drink, yes.
Little, no.Let's finish it.
What?What you started.
What I started?What you started.
There's no point.I think there's a point.
He controls you.He isn't the problem.
Isn't he?No. Let's talk about
what's bothering you.No. Let's talk about
what's bothering you.What have I done to make
you so angry with me?It's what you think
I've done.You blame me
for the whole thing.Can't you see anything except
in terms of how it affects you?No, I can't!And neither can you
and neither can anybody else!Maybe I'm just a little
more honest about it.Stop being so goddamned honest
and start being generous!Start thinking about him!I don't know what it is
he expects from me.I'll tell you what he expects.
What?Throw my arms around him
every time he passes an exam?I cannot respond
when someone says,"Here, I just did this
great thing. Love me."All he wants is to know
you don't hate him.Hate him? Mothers don't
hate their sons.Is that what he told you?You accept what he says
with no questions,and you can't do
the same for me.I'm trying to
keep this family--I don't know what everyone
wants from me anymore!Nobody wants anything
from you, Beth.Listen, we all just
want you to be happy.Happy?
Yes.Ward, you tell me
the definition of happy.First, you better make sure
your kids are good and safe.That no one's
fallen off a horse,or been hit by a car,or drowned in that swimming
pool you're so proud of!And then you come to me
and tell me how to be happy!I think I'm gonna
turn in.Dinner was good.Really good.It's pretty early.
You tired?Yeah. It was
kind of a rough week.I hope your grandmother
wasn't too tough on you?No. She was fine.I'm glad you're back.Good night.Calvin?Why are you crying?Can I, uh...Can I get you something?I don't...BETH:
What did you say?Calvin, what did you say?Tell me.You are beautiful.And you are
unpredictable.But you're so cautious.You're determined, Beth,but you know something?You're not strong.And I don't know if
you're really giving.Tell me something.Do you love me?Do you really love me?I feel the way
I've always felt about you.We would've been all rightif there hadn't
been any...mess.But you can't handle mess.You need everything
neat and easy.I don't know.Maybe you can't
love anybody.It was so much Buck.When Buck died it was as if you
buried all your love with him,and I don't understand that.
I just don't know.Maybe it wasn't even Buck.Maybe it was just you.Maybe, finally,it was the best of you
that you buried.But whatever it was...I don't know who you are.I don't know what
we've been playing at.So I was crying.Because I don't know
if I love you anymore.And I don't know what
I'm going to do without that.Dad?The yard looks
smaller without leaves.Dad, what happened?Your mother's
going away for a while.Where? Why?Back to Houston.I don't know.Why? What...?I know why.It's me, isn't it?No.
Yeah, it is. It's my fault.Don't do that.
Don't do that to yourself!It's nobody's fault!
Things happen in this world.People don't always have
the answers for them, you know.I don't know why
I'm yelling at you for.No, you're right.
You ought to do that more often.Oh, yeah?
Haul my ass a little.Get after me.The way you used to for him.He needed it. You didn't.You were always so
hard on yourself,I never had the heart.Oh, Dad, don't.
No.Well, it's the truth.I never worried
about you.I just wasn't
listening.I wasn't putting out
many signals then.I don't think you
could've done anything.No. I should've got
a handle on it somehow.I used to figure you had
a handle for everything.You knew it all.
I know that wasn't fair,but you always made us feel
everything would be all right.I've thought about
that a lot lately.I really admire you for it.Well, don't admire
people too much.They'll disappoint
you sometimes.I'm not disappointed.I love you.CALVIN:
I love you too.