Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.elsubtitle.comThey're outside.<i>Alert. Condition: Red.</i>We're losing powerin the containment chamber.You hear that?Something's close.See? This is
what I'm talking about.My heart is pounding.Get down, get down.Cubone.A Cubone?We're not catching you
a Pokemon, are we?What?Tell me
you didn't plan this, Jack.Jack, tell me- you didn't plan this.
- Are you serious?How dare you. Okay?
Of course not. Come on.Okay, maybe.There was a full moon
last nightand my mom heard it
crying its eyes out.She thought I was
having a nightmare,so she brought me
a glass of warm milk.Dude, I thought you wanted to,
you know, hang outand relive the good old days.Like when we were kids.I do. But just look at it.That is the perfect Pokemon
for you.Jack, I'm not looking for
a Pokemon. I've told you this.I've thought long and hard
about this, okay?Water-type
is not right for you.Neither is Fire-type.
But Cubone is...Lonely.Exactly.Okay, thank you, Jack.
Thank you for that.Are there any other
emotional truth-bombsyou wanna drop on me?Maybe later. But right now
the truth is in my hands.- Just give me the Ball.
- Yes. Yes!Okay, remember, catching
a Pokemon is not about skill.So you can do this.Good pep talk.Okay.
It has to choose you, too.So make it wanna be
your partner.Hey, Cubone.
What's up, buddy?You know,not everyone can pull offwearing the skull
of their dead relative,but, you know, you sure can.Okay, he didn't like that.He did not like that.Jack.Throw it!Throw the Ball.Like a man.Uh-oh. Cubone.Cubone!I did it!Still got it.The light's not green.It still hasn't
turned green yet, Jack.That's bad, right?Run!- It didn't choose me!
- Run!- It didn't choose me, Jack!
- I can see that!I'm not its choice!Cubone!<i>That was
one angry Cubone.</i><i>He reminded me
a lot of my mom.</i>So, um, I don't know
if this is gonna soundcorny or whatever...Just say it, Jack.
I'm too tired to be angry.I'm worried about you.This again?Hey, listen, everyone we know
has left townand now I'm leaving, too.Yeah, but that's okay.You gotta do
what's best for youwith the time that you got.That's what I'm doing.You know,
I'm crushing it at work.I'm gonna get
a promotion real soon.What's the promotion
for an insurance appraiser?"Senior insurance appraiser"?No, actually,
that's two steps upabove where I'm at right now.You're gonna make me
throw up.That's not a real thing.Oh, I finally have service.Wait, five voicemails?Why would I have
five voicemails?Maybe it's an insurance
emergency.Who is it?Um, it's the Ryme City
Police Department.There was an accident.Please don't.Mmm.I actually meant, "Please do".
Thank you.Thank you. You have
a very generous tongue.Does this Lickitung
belong to anyone?Anybody? No?<i>Thank you
for travelling with us.</i><i>Please sit back and watch this
short informational video</i><i>welcoming you to Ryme City.</i><i>Throughout history,</i><i>Pokemon have been
part of our world.</i><i>Squirtle.</i><i>Early humans
used to catch them</i><i>and train them to use
their unique powers</i><i>for the common good.</i><i>This relationship evolved</i><i>into what we now refer
to as Pokemon battles.</i><i>One man changed all of this.</i><i>Howard Clifford,</i><i>founder and chairman
of Clifford Industries.</i><i>Diagnosed with
a rare degenerative disease,</i><i>he resigned from
his corporation</i><i>and searched the world
for a cure.</i><i>And it turned out
that the cure I was looking for</i><i>was for me to evolve into
a better version of myself.</i><i>And I discovered
how to do that</i><i>through a partnership
with Pokemon.</i><i>And he wanted to share
that discovery with the world.</i><i>This is what inspired</i><i>Howard Clifford
to build Ryme City,</i><i>a place where humans and
Pokemon can live side by side.</i><i>Unlike other regions,
where Pokemon live in the wild,</i><i>here, we live
and work together.</i><i>No battles. No Trainers.
No Poke Balls.</i><i>A stronger,
more harmonious world.</i><i>From all our citizens:
Welcome to Ryme City.</i>Char! Charmander!<i>Fighting fires
wouldn't be the same</i><i>without their
Squirtle partners.</i><i>Squirtle, Squirtle.
Squirtle, Squirtle.</i>Snubbull.Hi, Tim.Lieutenant Yoshida.Your dad was the best
of the best.He was a legend
in this precinct.Thank you.
Thank you for saying that.It was a terrible tragedy,
losing him and his partner.His partner?His Pokemon.Oh, I didn't...Snubbull.I'm sorry,
is yours mad at me?- Snubbull?
- Yeah.He may look grumpy
on the outside,but I assure you,
he is adorable on the inside.If you don't mind me asking,how come you don't have
a Pokemon?I thought I remember
Harry sayingyou wanted to be a Pokemon
Trainer when you were young.Yeah, that didn't really
work out.Uh, I work
in insurance now, so...I understand.But, Tim,please don't put this
all on yourself.No one should go through
this type of thing alone.If you are anything
like your dad...I'm not.I was just really
raised by my grandmother.Do you have the spare keys
for his apartment?I should go wrap things
up there.Of course.Of course.- Here's his address.
- Awesome.I can take you over
if you want.No. Nope. I'm all good.
Thank you so much.Tim.This job,it demands a lot.But you were on his mind
every day.He loved you more than
anything else in the world.Uh, it was nice to meet you,
Lieutenant.Excuse me.Okay.Psyduck!Psyduck.Are you trying to rob me,
or just annoy me?- Psyduck.
- He's with me.- We need to talk.
- We do?I've been waiting to seewho would open up
that mailbox.You just walked into
quite a story.Stories like this spread fear.
And they're afraid of fear.But I don't fear fear.I walk the walk
and I talk the talk.And I'm willing to do
whatever it takesto get the honest scoop,
and that's the hard truth.I'm sorry. Who are you?Lucy Stevens.
Reporter for CNM.Oh. You seem kinda young
for that.I work for the CNM blog,making Pokemon listicles
all day, okay?- Top 10 Cutest Pokemon.
- Yeah, my grandma loves those.Yeah, news flash:
they're all cute.Such a waste of timefor someone with
my nose for a story.Oh, no, no, not now, Psyduck.I'm working a source.
Just one more minute.Okay, I'm gonna...I'm gonna need you to go
on record and tell meeverything you know
about Harry Goodman.Wait, what?Harry was onto something big.
Real big.And then all of a sudden,his car crashes over a bridge.
I think not.Something's rotten, and I'm
gonna get to the bottom of it.Hey, look,
I barely know the guy.- I haven't seen him in years.
- Where's your Pokemon partner?I don't have one. Why does
everyone keep asking me that?Loner.
Probably hiding something.Okay. I'm gonna go.Hey.I may only be
an unpaid intern,but I can smell a story.And I'm going to find it.Okay. You do that.Come on, Psyduck.
Let's go.Psyduck.<i>Who is it?</i>Hello?<i>It's me. Snakes.
I got the stuff.</i><i>Leave it
on the doorstep</i><i>and get the hell out of here.</i><i>All right, Johnny,
but what about my money?</i>Still with the old
detective movies.What?What? What is that stuff?"Dear Tim. I could do better
if you give me a chance.I'll always have a place
for you to stay."<i>The train on platform...</i>Your father will
pick you up from the station.I'm not going.- What?
- I don't wanna go.<i>This is home. I wanna stay
here with you, Grandma.</i>Oh, man.<i>This is the most
important day of my life.</i>I know, Tim.But your mother had to see
the doctor. It couldn't wait.Harry.Someone there?Hello?Oh.Ahh! That's a sprain.Okay, okay, okay.Whoever you are,I know how to use this.It's a Pikachu?Aw, jeez.Hey, little guy,
how did you get in here?I know you can't
understand me,but put down the stapler,or I will electrocute you.Did you just talk?Whoa.
Did you just understand me?Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait.That is heavy eye contact
right there. You heard me.- No, no, no.
- Yes, you did.- Oh, my God. This is amazing!
- Stop!- You can understand me.
- Stop talking. Stop!I have been so lonely.- I'm gonna throw up.
- No, kid. I need your help.- I'm gonna throw up.
- I'm in serious trouble.I need you to listen.- No, no, no, no.
- Excuse me, Aipom,we're having a private
conversation here, please.Stop talking.- You're a hallucination!
- You're a hallucination!And, you! Out! Shoo! Go!I'd tread lightly there,
chief.That Aipom don't look right.Ahh!No! Hey! Hey!Get off him, whack-job.Get up, kid.
He's coming back around.Okay, here's what
you wanna do.Okay, you wanna bite him.
You wanna scream.We're playing charades.
We're not playing charades.- Okay, I'm gonna get a knife.
- Not the knife!Okay, bad idea with the knife.
I'll find something else.Eat this!You are so welcome. He was
just a hungry little guy...Oh, my God!Come on, kid. Let's move.To the roof!Brilliant idea!
You hold the door.- I'll go get help.
- What?Help! Help! Oh, my God! Help!Oh, sh...Help! Help! Oh, my God, help!Oh, he's being eaten alive!
He's being eaten alive!A man is dying!No one's coming.
People are so insensitive.Uh-oh. Put your pants back onand run like the wind.Blazing speed! Blazing speed!No, they seem to be attracted
to your increasing nudeness.Okay.All right,
we're jumping down here.No! No! I'm not going in
the trash chute.Good call.
Let me know how it goeswith the super crazy Pokemon.You died a hero.Way to stick the landing, kid.Leave me alone!Oh. Looks like someone's back
in a good mood.Run! Rabid Aipom!Look out! Run!Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
They're... Go! They...I think pants are gonna do you
a lot of good right now.Shoo! Go.You know, I pictured youas a bit of a briefs guy,
but those are nice.Me? I don't wear underwear,
you know? I'm not modest.Excuse me, excuse me, hi.
Sorry.Uh, you can hear him, right?
You can hear him talking?- Pika-Pika. Pika. Pikachu.
- Aw.Yeah. Pika-Pika. Pika.
He's adorable.You're adorable.
They can't understand me, kid.It's me. It's that stuff
that I put up my nose.Not like that.
No, it was a gas.- I was breathing gas.
- Hey, hey, hey.Accidentally.
I was accidentally...Ix-nay on the gas-ay.Unless you want Johnny Law
to give youa one-way ticket
to the hoosegow, let's move.No one else can hear him?This is a first for me,
too, kid.He's saying words.Try to talk to people
all the time.All they hear is "Pika-Pika".They pat me or kiss me,stick a finger in me.
It's really gross.Can no one else hear him?Can you hear him talking?
Do you hear him saying words?What are you not
getting here, kid?You're the only one
who can hear me.- It's like destiny.
- It's not destiny.Then why were you
in that apartment?It's my father's place.
That's why I was there.- Why were you there?
- You're Harry's son?How do you know his name?You're Harry's
Pokemon partner?You want a coffee?'Cause I could use a coffee.
I mean...Yeah. Let's get a coffee.Yeah. Come on.<i>So there
I was in the middle of nowhere</i><i>with a bad case
of the forgetsies.</i>The only clue to my past
is Harry's nameand address inside this hat.So I made my way
to the apartmentand that's when I found you.<i>♪ Jigglypuff ♪</i>I don't know.
Maybe Harry got in too deep.Deep in what?You know, mixed up
with the wrong crowd,that kinda thing.
Happens to the best of us.The debts pile up.
The walls close in.Right becomes wrong.
Wrong becomes wrong.- Wait, who you calling?
- No one.Yeah, that sounds great.
This menu looks really nice.Wait, I'm confused.Are you hearing
other voices besides mine?All I wanna know is why
I can understand you.Ho! Can't help you there, kid.Like I said, I have amnesia.
Can't remember a darn thing.Okay, so you're
a talking Pikachuwith no memories,
who's addicted to caffeine.I could stop whenever I want.
These are just choices.Another round. Extra shot.Black as night.
Thank you, sweetie.Ludicolo!Look,
I'm a great detective.But I can't solve my own
mystery if I have no memory.Then how do you even know
you're a detective?Well, I can feel that
in my jellies.What is that? What is that?It's the jellies.
It's that thing, you know?You feel it when you
really believe in somethingdespite everyone telling you
you're wrong.Which is why I need
to find Harry.He's the key to my past.- Ludicolo.
- Thanks, doll.I got some bad news for you
'cause, uh, Harry's dead.What? No. No, no, no.
No, Harry ain't dead.No, Harry is dead.
You're wrong. I'm sorry.I saw in the police report
that he's dead.Just 'cause the cops say
he's dead...It means that
he's legally dead.Really? Did they find a body?Oh, I didn't think so.And, by the way, did that
report also say that I'm dead?'Cause if I'm still alive
and kicking,that means Harry's
out there, too.Case closed.But still open
until I solve it.Okay, I'll bite. Solve what?Oh, I'm glad
you're gonna bite.All right. Here it is.Harry faked his own death.Or somebody else faked
Harry's death.Or Harry faked
somebody else's death.That last one
doesn't work at all.- No, it doesn't.
- The first two are contenders.No, I'm gonna go.
We're done here.- No, we are not done here.
- This is...Wait. Wait. Wait a minute.
Where're you going?Hold up a sec.
We're gonna need each other.No, we don't. I don't need
a Pokemon. Period. Got it?Then what about
a world-class detective?Because if you wanna find
your pops, I'm your best bet.I think
a world-class detectiveoughta have figured out by nowthat I'm not here
to find my father.I'm here to say goodbye.Hey, hey. There's no one
to say goodbye to.Look, you can talk to humans.
I can talk to Pokemon.We can talk to each other.This doesn't happen, kid.
It has to mean something.There's magic that
brought us together,and that magic is called hope.Hope that
Harry is still alive.Oh, you feel it. You feel it
in your jellies, don't you?There's nothing in my jellies.We're gonna do this.
You and me.I can't belie...I will meet you here
tomorrow morning.Great.- Where're you going?
- To my apartment.What do you mean,
"Your apartment"?What?All right,
you can sleep on the couch.No, I'm not gonna sleep
on the couch.Well, then
you can sleep on the stove.Be a dear, would you,
and get the door for me.What am I doing?I just invitedsomeone to my apartment.I never do this.
I'm not that kind of Pokemon.Dust everywhere.No fingerprints.Ugh. Doesn't add up.What is going on in here?I'm searching the joint,
looking for clues.- Is this your room?
- No.Does Harry have
other children?No.He wanted me to live here
when I was a kid,so he made it look like
my childhood room.Should we talk about the factthat your childhood bed
is a Pikachu bed?It's a coincidence.I'm sorry. Can you speak up?I can't hear you.I've never been so flatteredand creeped out
at the same time.Are you gonna make me
into a lampshade?Oh, I might.Hang on, hang on, hang on.All these Pokemon cards
and the battle posters...There's a connection,
isn't there?- You love Pokemon.
- No.Yeah. Yeah, you do.That was a long time ago,before my father
moved to the cityand spent more time with
Pokemon than his own son.Mmm, yeah,
blame it on your dad.Okay, look, what about this?There's pictures of her
all over the apartment.She's obviously connected
to Harry.She might know me.She could be a lead.No, she's not.That's my mom.She passed away when I was 11.Oh. I'm sorry. I...I didn't realize.Tomorrow morning
I'm gonna take you to Yoshidaso we can get some answers.Ahh, my clues!What is all this?Hard work.
That's what this is.And, by the way,
we can't go to the cops.Not till we know
who we can trust.So put my clues back in order,
would you?These aren't clues. This is
the work of a serial killer.They're almost clues.What does that even mean?Trying to jog my memory,
retrace my steps.It helps me
to see it all laid out.That's how I found this.This is what a Frenchman
would call <i>caliente fiesta.</i>Not French.Smell my finger.I will never
smell your finger.Coward.The point is,
I smelled this R stuffon those Aipom when
they attacked us yesterday.- R?
- Bingo!<i>La Cucaracha.</i>See, I'm thinking Harrycaught a break in the case,forcing our shadowy kingpinto send out hired goons
to deliver the big hush-hush.We need to retrace
Harry's steps.Either solve
the case ourselvesor get far enough
along that thisA-number-one bad guy
has to reveal himself.- Or herself!
- Can you stop doing that?So, what is the way in, huh?The answer is in this room.This isn't a room.
This is a fire hazard.It's just junk
and papers and...Newspapers.What you got, kid?I literally just met someone.She was a... She was
a junior reporter at CNM.She was doing a story
on Harry.I think she knows
more than she let on.The smart ones always do.We gotta go down to her work
and press her.- Okay.
- That's a metaphor.Yeah, I know
what a metaphor is.Uh, I was drinking that.I was also drink...
Just step anywhere.It's only my life's work.No. No, we're not doing that.Fine, I'll walk.I'm trying to get in
100,000 steps this hour.<i>Hello, I'm Roger Clifford,
president of CNM</i>and chairman
of Clifford Enterprises.And I'm Howard Clifford,the visionary icon
behind Ryme City.Together,
in the spirit of harmony,we're throwing
the largest paradethat Ryme City has ever seen.You won't wanna miss it.So, at the weekend,
we invite the people...And the Pokemon
to be there.A celebration
of the harmonybetween humans and Pokemon.And, cut!Well, I think
that went rather well.Oh, shut up, Dad!He seems nice.Roger, please.
This is supposed to beour gift to the citizens."Visionary icon"? Really?Was "savior of
the world" taken?It was your people who wrote
the promo, son.Oh, is there
an unabridged versionwhere you cure cancer?Oh, that's right, yeah.Turn your back on me
like you always did.Ditto!By the way, no one
likes your Pokemon!There she is.I can see
why you were so excited.I was... Okay,
I was not that excited.Mr. Clifford!
Mr. Clifford!Mr. Clifford,
I may have a story for you.I've heard rumors
of Pokemon attacking people.But there's been
no mainstream coverage.I'm sorry,
we're not a tabloid.Which means
that we don't reporton rumors, gossip or hearsay.It's not news
if it can't be verified.You want a story,
find a source.Oh, and pro tip:A reasonable sense of fashion.Here she comes.Here she comes.
Try to look deep.What are you doing here?Hey, again. Uh...Yeah, I know this seems weirdbut I actually needed
to ask you something.Now's not really a good time.Yeah, I saw that. I'm sorry.Sorry. It's piping hot.You found yourself
a Pokemon partner.- Not exactly, no.
- Aw.He's cute.She's trying to work me, kid.
But, trust me, I can...Oh, sweet Mother of Arceus,
that feels so good.- So, listen...
- Oh, my God.What happened?I found something
in Harry's desk,nearly choked me to death,
and I was...No, not here.In my office.In her office?
We're going to her office?This is great.This isn't an office.
It's a coffin with pencils.Psyduck?Yeah, that's right.
I can talk to the kid,he can talk to me.
We're gifted.You didn't tell me
that she has a Psyduck.These things explode
when they're stressed.Hey. Hey, keep calm, pal.Serenity now. Serenity now.- No.
- Okay.Okay.- You got it?
- Here it is.Where did you find these?Word on the street was thatHarry had an informant
near the docks.I went there to snoop around,and that's where
I found the vial.But the docks
can be dangerous.It's not the sort of placeyou want to visit alone
at night.I'm actually pretty good
at being alone at night.Nope, that did not land right
at all.That's not... That's not
what I meant to say. Um...- It's okay.
- I'm just gonna...We should go.- Yeah, we should go.
- I'm just gonna scoot by ya.Good God, have you ever talked
to a woman before?- You've got some...
- Psyduck.Yes, I've talked women before.
No, I don't need your help.Was it during
the birth canal, or...You know what you need?A shoulder saddle.
I bet someone makes one.Okay. There are other
ways for you to get around.This is humiliating.Every step
for you is 1000 for me,and my lungs
are the size of grapes.We need to get
some ground rulesif this partnership's
gonna work.You're not my partner.Mentor, <i>sensei,</i> master,whatever you wanna call it.Nope, none of those.Hey, what if it wasn't the
gas? What if it's hereditary?What if Harry could understand
your annoying voice, too?You don't need to talk to us
for us to understand.We can feel
what you're saying.You have to be open to the
experience. Try it sometime.Yeah, I'd rather not.I got my plate full
talking to you.What is that?Silent but deadly.Apologies, my tummy's bad
from all the coffee.No. Ew. Get off.I meant that.Oh. Ooh. Ugh.That.It's a Mr. Mime.
They're the worst.Silent but annoying.Does he recognize you?
I think he recognizes you.Well, I was Harry's partner,
so I would've been with him.Harry's informant
is a Pokemon!Get him!- He's barely moving.
- Don't tell him that.Oh! He's on a bike.Come on! He thinks
he's getting away.Look, quick!
Get in front of him.- Cut him off. You can make it.
- Stop.Oh, no.He's going down hard, Tim.Should've worn a helmet.I hope he makes it.Come on. This is ridiculous.I'm good cop, you're bad cop.We're not cops.Grow some berries.You're bigger and tougher
looking than I am.Stand up straight!Listen up.We got ways to make you talk.
Or mime.Yeah.So tell us
what we wanna know.Why was Harry Goodman hereand what did it have to do
with the R?Pipe. Yes, okay. A can!Shoving. Pushing.My problem is that
I push people awayand then hate them
for leaving.- He's saying you can shove it.
- What? I can shove it?Okay, that's it.
We're switching roles.I'm bad cop, you're good cop.- No, no, no, we're not cops!
- Oh!Oh, God,
that's a very hard wall.Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Mr. Mime has the abilityto make invisible walls.Uh, yes, I know. I happen to
be a Pokemon, too, remember?Look, Harry figured this guy
out somehow.I think the trick is
getting inside his head.I have an idea.What are you doing?Oh, what's this?Oh, there's a door there.
I didn't...Probably because
it's invisible.Huh? Yeah! I'm in your space
now, am I right?You don't like this so much,
do you?What are you doing?That's a jug.
No, you're pouring.No.Salt. It's a salt shaker.
You're cooking.- No.
- Real cooking is aboutfollowing your heart,
not a recipe!What are you talking about?Gas. You're pouring
gasoline on...- Mmm-hmm.
- Oh, that went dark fast.I like this.
I like this very much.All right, all right.Okay. You wanna
play that game?I can play that game.You think that's funny?You think that's funny, huh?You're not gonna be
laughing soon, huh?Who's laughing now, huh?Oh. Oh, I smell what
you're stepping in.That's right, Mr. Mime.You're about to be Mr. Meltunless you start talking.Cards, cards. Playing cards.
Poker.No, I think he's talking
about the R.Someone was handing out R.Use your body words. Where?Circle house. Moon house.
Moon. House.Enough with the games.
Say it.Just say it!Talk, you stupid mime!Okay, just relax.Uh, round.Round house. Uh...The source of the R
came from the Roundhouse.Yeah, nice work, kid.
Maybe there'sa little detective
in you after all.Critical hit!
Additional damage!I didn't know they had
Pokemon battles in Ryme City.We're not supposed to.Gengar uses Shadow Ball!Come on.
Let's take a look around.Okay, kid.
So here's what we know.Harry traces the R to here.Then frequents this joint
because someonehere knows something
about something.We just need to find
the someone and the something.Hey, hey! Where's that
Pikachu's partner? Don't go.I think the "someone"
just found us.Wow. I'd like to seethis guy's Internet
search history.Who are you?Let's see where this goes.Tell him
you're my new partner.I'm his new partner.Well, that Pikachu's
Thunderboltalmost wrecked
my prize Charizard- last time he was here.
- Oh.Scar is still fresh.All I hear are consonants,
and all I see are nipples.And you know what?He ruined my coat, man.
Look at this.I'm so sorry.Forget the coat.
Where's his shirt?This! This is my place!And nobody comes into my placeand does that to my Pokemon.What are you looking at?Or to my coat.Right, the coat. The coat.What are you doing?Classic staredown, kid.
First one to blink loses.Now stop distracting me.Er, look, I just wanna knowwhy his old partner was here.
That's all.Gengar wins.Ready for next battle.And I want a rematch.You give me my rematch...I'll tell you everything
you want to know. What I know.- Er...
- Tell him he's on, <i>amigo.</i>Okay.A new battle's unfolding.Pikachu versus Charizard.Rematch!Here. Hold my hat.I'm about to rock this place.- Okay.
- Charizard! Charizard!Just doing
some light stretching.You never wanna
go into these things tight.You're gonna win
this time, okay?What are you doing?
What is your plan of attack?I don't operate
according to plans, kid.I deal with things
in the moment.Here. Here we go.
Now you'll be ready.Now, obviously, I've dealt
with this putz before,so I'll just do it again.Give me my hat back!That thing just chuggeda year's worth
of that R stuff!Hey, hey, hey.
It's like you said, okay?You did it before.You just gotta
use your powers.You can use Quick Attack,
Discharge, or Electro Ball,but I think Volt Tackleis your best move,
so start with that.First of all,when did you learn
how to be a Pokemon Trainer?And secondly, get me
the hell out of here!Begin!- Look out!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!I forgot everything you said!I forget things, it's what
I do! I have amnesia!You need to go for a
critical hit. Use Volt Tackle!Volt Tackle will knock me out.
I'm going for Thunderbolt.Come on.
You got it, you got it!Come on, come on, come on.Hey, bud! What are you doing?I can't do it
when people are watching.Can everyone just
look away, please?It's not working.I forgot how to use my powers.But he didn't!Pikachu, run!Whoa, whoa, whoa!Taken out with one hit!Aw, Pikachu. Wanna cry?You don't wanna do this!
I'm adorable.Pika-Pika?Are you crazy?
Get out of there!I got it, kid!What are you doing to my baby?- Get out of the way!
- Uh-oh.Uh-oh. That's not good.Tell me what you know!The guy you are looking forwanted to know
the source of R.It comes from the doctor.That's all I know.Now let me go!Nice catch, kid.
Let's get out of here.I got a plan.What? That's not gonna work.
Magikarp is the worst.Magikarp can evolve
into Gyarados.All it needs is a little kick.Water in the hole!In my head,
I saw that differently.Er...Hey, Tim? I don't float.Ha! I told you
Magikarp weren't useless.You're under arrest.I thought you couldn't wait
to get home.Yeah. Well, my plans changed
because I found him.I'm not following.Harry's not dead.
If his Pokemon partneris still alive,
that means he is, too.That is not proof, son.Tell him about the chemical R.Give me a minute.Harry's last casehad to do with those
underground battles.That's why I was there.
There's a chemical.We ran an investigation.Harry figured it out
and he's in trouble.That case is closed. Over!You gotta reopen
the investigation!He's out there, I can feel it.In your jellies.
Go ahead, say it.I'm not gonna say that.I can feel it, Lieutenant,
in my bones.- Not as good.
- Stop!Oh, yeah, and I can
understand Pikachu,like, word perfect, so...Tim.It's very difficult
coping with loss.Denial can be
a powerful thing.No, I'm not in denial!
I'm right, I know it!He's... He's out there.I never wanted
to show you this,but I think
it's important you see it.No one could survive
a crash like that.Not even your dad.He's gone, Tim.I should've
gotten on that train.What's that, kid?After my mom died,my dad and I drifted apart.Er...He moved here and poured
himself into his work.And, eventually,
he tried to get meto come live with him,but I wouldn't go.How come?I didn't think he cared.I guess I just got used to him
not being aroundand I couldn't forgive him
for it.Until I got here.And I realized
that he did care.But I didn't know...because I never
gave him the chance.And now it's too late.I really...I really wish
I'd gotten on that train.Mmm-hmm.Listen, kid.Um...Look, I may not have memories,um, but I know this much:It wasn't your fault.It wasn't anybody's fault.And I'm sure that
if your dad was here,he would hug you so hard,your bones would pop.And he'd tell youhe's sorry for everything.He'd be
damn proud of you, kid.I haven't been
really nice to you.No, you really haven't.Well...We still got
one mystery to solve.What?Yours.Let's find out
who did this to you.Get your memory back.I'd like that.I'd like that very much.Well, that's a bad-guy car.Thank you, Miss Norman.Yes. Thank you, Miss Norman.
That'll be all.What a blabbermouth.Please, come in.Magnificent creatures,
aren't they?Whoa. A Flareon.Imagine
being able to evolveinto the best possible
version of yourself.Hmm. 'Sup?That greatness inside you,
just waiting to be awoken.Hello, Tim.He knows you?I see you've partnered
with Harry's Pikachu.And he knows me, too.You knew Harry?The case Harry was working on,it was for me.That's a twist.
That's very twisty.This compound threatens
everything I've built.He knows about the R.
How does he know about the R?I hired Harry
to trace it to its source.Imagine my shock
when the answerturned out to be my own son.I've devoted my life
to perfecting the partnershipbetween Pokemon and humans.A partnership where Pokemon
bring out the best in us.In doing so,
I'm afraid I neglectedmy responsibilities
as a parent.Roger resents the Pokemon.I think he's lived in
my shadow for so long,he actually wants
to destroy my legacy.Well, there's no such thingas "daddy issues"
without "daddy".But, Mr. Clifford,
how could you let him do that?Ever since my illness
put me in this chair,Roger has taken over more
and more of the company.He controls the board.He also controls the police
and the politicians.And he owns the press.Harry is the only one
I can trust.That's why
you need to find him.You haven't heard.Harry's dead.Oh, no, Tim.Your fatheris alive.Look out, kid!Advanced holographic imaging.Since being confined
to this chair,I've invested in ways
of bringing the world to me.This was recreated
from police footage.It allows us to see things
that they cannotor don't want us to see.He's alive.Pika.It's me. I was with Harry
in the crash.He needs my help.If Harry's alive,
why didn't they find him?What is that?Mewtwo.A man-made abominationcreated in a laboratory
using DNAfrom the fossil remains
of the Ancient Mew.I can't believe it.If that thing came from Mew,then we're looking atthe most powerful Pokemon
in the world.That's it.
That's what happened to me.Mewtwo wiped my memory.But why?Wait, wait, wait!Wait. Wait, wait.
Where did it take him?That's for you to solve now.Find Mewtwo
and you will find your father.Second chancesare special things, kid.There's a lot we can make
better if we crack this case.One question, though.
Where are we going?I don't know, I'm just going.You gotta tell me where.
You're the detective.Okay. If Roger Clifford is
the key to all of this...Then we need someone
who has access to him.And we both know who that is,
lover boy.Okay, come on, that's...Come on.
Let's not start that again.There she is.What's with the sunglasses?
Can she see us?I don't think she can see us.- Hey. Thanks for coming.
- Don't talk to me.Okay.- What happens now?
- Just act casual.But don't look at me.There's nothing really casual
about this.Look at this.- Oh, shit.
- Sorry. That was my fault.- Ow!
- Sorry. I'm sorry.Oh, this is working out great.Why don't you just
have her sit over here.You wanna just
come sit with us?I should never have
encouraged you.You have no chance.I got access
to Roger's computer.Oh, wow, how'd you do that?Spilled a cappuccino
on his lap.Eh, that sounds like
a waste of coffee.I searched through
all his records.I targeted the property rights
in the regionand I cross-checked that
with city recordsfor any Clifford-financed
businesses until I found it.May I present PCL:A Pokemon genetic
research facility.But that's not all.She's good.Last week,
PCL had an "accident"and had to shut down
their entire facility.That's the same night
Harry Goodman went missing.No one knows what happened.Total media blackout.What does it all mean?I don't know.
This is very exciting.- Are you excited?
- Yeah.I think he just peed a little.Oh, nope. That's me.
That was me.So, um, there's a cover-up?Mmm-hmm.But, er,
what are they covering up?What do you say
we go find out?So let me get this right.We're forced to listen
to this spa musicso your head doesn't explode
and kill us all.Psyduck.Your Pikachu
is so unusual.Psyduck.Hey, you put that down.
I am not giving you a massage.Psyduck.I have never known a Pokemon
to wear a hat.Yeah, he's weird.
He's so weird.Psyduck.Of course I care
about my partner's life.Fine, fine. Hand it over.What are you doing?What?Nothing.I was actually wondering
who this was.It's PCL's chief scientist,
Dr. Anne Laurent.I bet this is the doctor
Shirtless was talking about.She lost
her university grantover experimentation
of Pokemonbecause she was trying to
control their minds.Oh, wow.She's essentially
a neurologist for Pokemon.Maybe she could weigh inon the long-term
psychological effectsof being strapped
into a baby seat- next to a bomb.
- Hmm?This is it.Look at the signs.Must have been
a really bad accident.That's
what they want you to believe.Whoever staged this
did an excellent job.Those signs are the perfect
scarecrow for suckers.Yeah, well,
they're working on me.Kid, this dame's
looking for danger.You want to win her over,you gotta lead her
straight to it.First of all, women don't like
to be called "dame".Second, women appreciate calm,
er, level-headedand responsible
decision-making.What is she doing? Hey, hey!Hey!Lucy, what are you doing?I'm, er, I'm cutting the fence
so that we can slip through.Where did you get those?Oh,
don't worry about it.After you, sir.- Psyduck.
- No? Okay.I'll go first.
Whatever's most calming.Hmm, Psyduck.Okay.Psyduck. Psyduck.Oh.It's okay.
You can stay up there.I may have
amnesia, but I'm pretty surethis is the worst idea
anyone's ever had.What is that?I'm not sure.Psyduck. Psyduck.It's Greninja.But they don't look right."Test 22.""Power enhancement"?They were experimenting
on them.But why?If Roger Clifford's
behind this,what's he doing
experimenting on Pokemon?A Torterra garden."Pokemon
evolution test 33."Growth enhancement."They look normal-sized to me.Maybe it hasn't started yet.It's like they're trying to
manipulate Pokemon evolution.Is that even possible?I don't know.I need to document
all of this, though.<i>You go ahead.
I'll catch up to you.</i>- <i>Are you sure?</i>
<i>- Yeah.</i>Whoa.What happened here?Bad stuff.Really bad stuff.Still think
this was staged?Kid, hey! Over here.It says Dr. Laurent's station.Looks like it's still working.<i>Remote access initiated.</i>Psyduck!Looks like most of the files
are corrupted.Uh-oh. Another one
of those holograms.Day 42.After much trial and errorwe perfected a stable methodto extract Mewtwo's DNA.It's Mewtwo. No, wait.Wait, Mewtwo came
from this place?Day 60. Clinical trials
proven successful.The inhalant
results in confusionand the total loss
of free will.Which, in turn,
makes the Pokemon go wild.We've designated
this chemical as serum R.They used Mewtwo to make R.And they were testing it
at the battles.Day 68.The neural link
is operational.<i>Alert.</i>- <i>Condition: Red.</i>
- Oh.No. No, no, no!We're losing power
in the containment...That must've been
how Mewtwo escaped.Now we're getting somewhere.What did that thing
want with Harry?Good question, kid.I'll try and take us back
to the beginning.Day 1.
The lab is almost fully operational.All that remains now
is to capturethe most powerful Pokemon
known to mankind:Mewtwo.It escaped nearly 20 years ago
from the Kanto region.Fortunately, our benefactor'shired a specialist
to track it down.Good luck, Detective Goodman.That's why Mewtwo took Harry.It was revenge
for being captured.This doesn't make any sense.Harry would've
never been a part of this.I wanna believe that, kid.
But we gotta be honest here.You haven't seen him in years,
and I got amnesia.Neither of us can say for surewhat Harry would
or wouldn't do.We gotta
get back to the city.Lucy. Lucy,
we gotta get back to...Lucy?Lucy?That was not there
before, kid.Ew.Look behind you.Whoa!Kid, the fire alarm!Psyduck!Come on! Let's go,
let's go, let's go!- Psyduck!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa! Go back.Psyduck!Psyduck!Psyduck!Get down!Psyduck!Come on!Psyduck! Psyduck! Psyduck!Psyduck! Psyduck! Psyduck!Psyduck! Psyduck! Psyduck!Duck! Duck! Duck!Psyduck! Psyduck!
Psyduck! Psyduck!- Psyduck!
- It's okay, Psyduck.Everything's fine.He's gonna
blow his stack, kid.It's okay, Psyduck, it's okay.
Calm down.Psyduck!This is no timefor your stupid headaches.No, wait, this is the perfect
time to get a headache.- Psyduck?
- I hated rubbing your feet.Calm down, calm down!I'll never forgive my hands
for what they did.Get a splitting headache now,
you neurotic duck!Do it! Do it! Do it!Psyduck.Good job, Psyduck.
Where's my hat?Something's wrong.Is this really happening?Don't worry.Psyduck's psionic waves
are causing hallucinations.None of this is real.Nope.All of this is real! Run!Go, go, go!- What's happening?
- Let's go! Let's go!At this point,how could you not
believe in climate change?Oh no, no, no!I got you.Tim!Go! Run! Run!Go, go, go, go!Go, go, go!Okay.We made it.I officially hate this forest.Tim!Lucy!Tim!Psyduck!Kid, the walls are closing in.We have to do something
and we gotta do it fast.I gotta jump for it.That's a great fifth option.
Let's work on the first four.- You're not gonna make it!
- There's no other choice.We have a lot of choices.Falling to our death
is not one of...Tim!Pull, pull, pull!Come on!I thought I was gonna...
I thought I was gonna...I... I...Eyeball.Eyeball. Eyeball!Oh! I get it!I get it now.
This isn't a forest at all.This is the Torterra garden.Pikachu!Psyduck.He's hurt.- Is he okay?
- I'm in bad shape, kid.I'm here, partner. I'm here.Did you just call me partner?Yeah, of course.
You're my partner.Yeah, that's right.
You've, er...You've got my back.Hey, hey, hey. Bud.Hey! Hey, Pikachu!Pikachu!No.Hey! Hey, help!Please!Please.He's hurt.Please.He doesn't know
what you're saying.But he knows what I'm feeling.I need to get Pikachu
to a healer Pokemon.Please.I'm begging you.I don't wanna lose him, too.It's okay.Hmm?Tim, look.Okay.I'll meet you at the car.You're gonna be okay, partner.Here?Hey! Wait, wait, wait!Where are you going?What am I supposed to do?I've been waiting for you.Mewtwo.No, no, no! No, wait!Where am I?You're okay!Yeah.Somehow, I'm fine.You brought
the son to me, as agreed.What is he talking about?I don't know, kid.
I'm as lost as you are.Where's my father?What'd you do with him?- <i>Alert.</i>
- Oh.We're losing power
in the containment chamber.You've done well.Humanity is evil.I've always believed
Pokemon are...No!No!Wait, wait, wait!Pikachu! Wait.Hey. Slow down.
We have to talk about this.You have to go on without me.What? What are you saying?Roger has Mewtwo.
Mewtwo has my father.We're running out of time.
We have a case to solve.We already solved mine.
I know who I am.I'm the guy
who betrayed Harry.We don't know that.We both saw it. I betrayed
your father. Which meansI could betray you, too.You wouldn't do that.
I don't care what I saw.- I know who you are.
- How do you know?Because, I...I can feel it in my jellies.I... I made that up.There's no jellies.
There's no me.I don't believe that.You're better off on your own.- Come on, Pikachu...
- No! No!I need you. Please.You have to stay away.
It's for your own good.No. I'm not letting you go.You see?I can't help it.I hurt the people who need me.That's who I am.I'm sorry.I'm sorry.Tim.Where's he going?Hey, what happened?Is Pikachu okay?No, he's not.Let's go.
We gotta get back to the city.Okay.Come on.<i>The 10th anniversary</i><i>Ryme City Pokemon parade is
set to begin this afternoon.</i><i>The whole city is converging
on downtown</i><i>to watch
the day's festivities.</i>I don't know what happened
between you two,but we need
to strategize. Wait!Where are you going?We need to tell the public
what we found.This is breaking news.No. No, you should
break the news. You.I'm gonna go talk to Howard.How...Tim!How am I supposed to
break the newswhen the guy who runs the news
is the breaking news?Okay, Cynthia. We're live
in five, four, three...Stay in the car, okay?Psyduck!Mrs. McMaster.
Hi, it's Lucy Stevens,- the intern.
- Oh.- At CNM?
- Could you...Yeah. Erm, I have a storythat's really important that
the people need to hear.And I was really hoping
you could help me tell it.I just need...Lucy, please.
Take my coffee order.Flat white, extra shot.You got it, Cynthia.<i>♪ Searching far and wide ♪</i><i>♪ Teach Pokemon
to understand ♪</i><i>♪ The power that's inside ♪</i><i>♪ Pokemon! ♪</i><i>♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪</i><i>♪ It's you and me ♪</i><i>♪ I know it's my destiny ♪</i><i>♪ Pokemon! ♪</i>What... What is this?I know this place.This is the scene
of the crash.What is that?Greninja stars.Roger must have
sent the Greninjasto cause the crash. Which...Which means...Mewtwo was trying
to protect us?<i>Advanced holographic imaging.</i>It allows us to see things
that they cannot<i>or don't want us to see.</i>Wait, Howard would have seen
this in his hologram.Oh, no. No, no, no, no.Tim!Howard! Mr. Clifford!
Your son,he has Mewtwo here.- Wait, why do you...
- Tim.It's gonna be okay.Run!No.The transfer worked.My body is in the chair,but my mind is in Mewtwo.Howard?Well done, Tim.You and Harry's Pikachu
led me straight to Mewtwo.Mewtwo didn't cause the crash.All your father had to dowas take the money
and walk away.But he started
asking questions.I had to stop him.You tried to kill him!I had no choice.He tracked the R
to the battles,traced it back to Dr. Laurent.And then he and his Pikachu
helped Mewtwo escape.So, as you can see,we are more than happy
with the turnout today.So many families...Thank you so much.
Thank you.That's all for today.
Thank you.Excuse me, please. Hello. Hi.I have an interview
with the mayor.- Go on through.
- Thank you.Mr. Mayor, I need to speak
with you, please. It's urgent.A little late for an
interview, don't you think?Please!Before we begin the parade,I'd like to thank
our benefactor,Howard Clifford.This was never
about curing me.I have found a path forward
for all of us.Mewtwo has the powerto transfer
the soul of a humaninto the body of a Pokemon,as long as the Pokemon
are in a crazed state.The R gas takes care of that.The balloons.
The R gas is in the balloons.People of Ryme City!I've finally discovered
a cure.Not just for me,but for all of humanity!Pokemon can evolve into better
versions of themselves.And, now, so can you!Humans and Pokemon
merged into one!Don't let your Pokemon breathe
the purple gas!Come on! Get out of here!This is Yoshida
requesting backup!All units should proceed
to the...Snubbull, no!Don't let your Pokemon
breathe the gas!Don't let your Pokemon...Oh, no! Don't breathe the gas!Tell them!This is Lucy Stevens reporting
a citywide emergency.Do not let
your Pokemon breathe...Psyduck, no! Don't!Psyduck,
Psyduck. Psyduck!Psyduck?Okay. Worst parade
I've ever seen.- Psyduck.
- Lucy. Lucy, you're in there?- Where's Tim?
- Psyduck. Psyduck.- Howard is Mewtwo?
- Psyduck. Psyduck.This really blows my bridge
discovery out of the water.All right, I gotta stop this.Game on!Okay, Pikachu, your powers
are in there somewhere.Just need a little sparkto get this party started.
Let's do this.Harry's Pikachu.You think you can stand
in the way of the future?I am the future!Whoa!He's back!The neural link.Roger?Behind you!You're a Ditto.Ditto.Bank left! Bank right! Right!Where did you learn
how to fly? The ground?No, no, no. Stop, stop, stop!
Wait, wait, wait!Wait, wait, wait!Come on. No. That's not fair.For the record,
I have no guilthitting a beady-eyed
version of the womanI'm very attracted to.Uh-oh! Pull up, pull up.
Don't breathe the gas.You breathed the gas,
didn't you?Yeah!Finish him, Ditto!Ditto!No! No, no, no, no!Pikachu!Tim!Harry's son is finished!No. Tim said Volt Tackle's
my best move.Let's do this
Pokemon battle thing right.No.Yeah!Give me your hand!
Give me your hand!What kind of a Ditto was that?That was one of my father's
genetic experiments.Psyduck. Ditto.Ditto...A feeble effort.A Pikachu cannot defeat
Mewtwo in battle.I didn't need to defeat you.I just needed to distract you.Huh.No!No!What have you done?Pikachu!No!- Pikachu!
- Tim!- Oh!
- Are you okay?I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I pushed you awayjust when you needed me
the most.I'm just happy you're back...partner.Please tell me
you can fix this mess.I will undo
what has been done.Let's never
do that again, okay?The strange thing is that,
no matter what his flaws,deep down,I blame myself
for not being there for him.You. You were working
on this story.Had a lead on it before
anyone else even knew.That's correct.Good. Right,
you're going on camera.I want you giving
an in-depth reportfor CNM tonight, primetime.And make sure you close with:"Roger Clifford
pledges to undoall the harm his father causedstarting with the Pokemon
he experimented on."I can't believe we did it.Psyduck.Great work. Hey, calm down.
Stay calm. Okay.Oh, I hope we never- get to see each other again.
- Hmm.- Meet me later tonight?
- Cool. I mean, yeah.Okay.Come on.Psyduck.
Psyduck. Psyduck.Way to go, Tim.There is one last thing
I must fix.My father.The father
you have been looking forhas been with you all along.What's he talking about?I don't...Pika!Pikachu!You've done well.Humanity is evil.But you have shown me
that not all humans are bad.Harry Goodman,your Pikachu offers its body
to save your mind.There is a son.With the son's return,
I can repair the father.Your memory will be gone,but your heart will know
who you are.I take this body
so that you might live.Return with the son.<i>Now boarding on track three,</i><i>train 453 northbound.</i>Hey, kid!Grams will meet you
when you arrive.Okay.I'll see ya.See ya.Pika.Hey, Dad?Yeah?You think I can stay with you
for a while?I'd like that, kid.Yeah, I'd like that very much.Me, too.You wanna get a coffee?It's the weirdest thing.That's all I've been
thinking about,is having a coffee right now.I think
I'll have to find a new job.Oh, yeah?
What are you thinking?Um... maybe I could give
detective work a try?Pika-Pika!I think
he likes that idea.Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.elsubtitle.com