Apollo is saying "Come on! "Apollo is going right.Now he's gone for the left.He's going for another right... another right.Down on one knee.Lou Filippo in there wiping off the glove.Aii right, a left and a right combination.What is keeping him up, Bill? I don't know.He can't even get his gioves up to protect himself.Down! Down! Stay down!Apollo's dancing around with his arms in the air.Five...Six...seven...eight...nine....Come on.Apollo can't believe it!He got a left to the ribs, his right ribsYou okay, champ?I'm okay.He broke my ribs!I can't see nothing. You gotta open my eye.Cut me, Mick. But I don't want to.Try anything. Cut it.You're bleeding inside, champ. I'm gonna stop the fight.You ain't stopping nothing, man!You stop this fight, I'll kill you!I'll kill you!You gotta get him down within the body.There is the bell for the 15th and final round.You better start fighting.You're doing nothing.They look like they've been in a war, these two.Apollo, the champion, really tagged him.And Apollo clearly protecting his right side, his ribs.look at that!Belly punches!Hard left and right!look at the blood coming out.He's spltting out blood now.A leftand he's already using his right hand.Go for it! Go for it, Rocky!listen to this crowd. A left to the ribs. Another to the ribs.That left hand again, that left hand!Right to the chin! He's got him up against the ropes.Apollo, the championAin't gonna be no rematch!Don't want one!You went the distance. You went the 15 rounds!How do you feel?AdrianWhat did you think when it was the 15th round and you came out?Rocky!Ladies and gentlemenAttention please.Rocky!we have had the privilege of witnessing the greatestexhibition of guts and stamina in the history of the ring!AdrianRocky!ladies and gentlemen, we have a split decision!Adrian Rocky.Eight for Apollo Creed!AdrianThose fans out there deserve a rematch.Are you ready for it? !Ain't gonna be a rematch!I had enough things in my face tonight!Rocky! That's my friend,Rocky.You're breaking this jacket!Paulie!Adrian! Rocky!Where's your hat?I love you! I love you!I love you!I love you! I love you!I love you!Rocky BalboaGet 'em outta here!Let him breathe...will you? ! Get 'em out of here! Give him air.Sit down, Rocky. Sit down, kid.Rocky, did you think you had it won?I don't know.How about a statement, Rocky?I'm at a loss for words.Get back there!Rocky, did you think you had it won?I don't know.Where's the doctor?How's my nose look? As bad as Mickey's?It ain't that horrible. Give him a break!Rocky,is that the worst beating you ever took?You gonna get worse if you don't get outta here!Rocky, what did you think going into the last round?I don't know, that I should've stayed in school or something.Do you think you have brain damage?I don't see any.Where is he? Where is he?Apollo, how about a statement?Get away from me!I want the Stallion. You got the Gold Star, Stallion.You're lucky, so lucky! What you did was a miracle.You are the luckiest man on the earth!Do I look lucky?Look, nobody goes the distance with me!Get up out of that chair, chump, and let's finish this fight right now.Don't, please. Sit down.Is he serious?When you were going down, did the bell save you, Apollo?Bell nothing, man! I can beat that chump!I'll fight him anyplace, anytime!Does that mean there'll be a rematch?I said anyplace, anytime, man!Apollo, you said no rematch.Look, chump,anyplace, anytime!Rocky, a rematch could be worth millions!I'm officially retired now.Don't you run out on me!I gave you a shot the first time.Now I'm ready to give you a second shot!He sure has a lot of energy. You know, you got nothing to prove.I don't care what the hell them judges said.This is the man that won the fight!I'm gonna show you how lucky you are!You're gonna fight me again, chump. Come back here!Adrian, you better go homebecause I'm gonna be busy healing here for a while.I wanna be here!No, maybe you better go home with Paulie and get some sleep.I love you.I love you.See you later.See you, Mick.Can you fix my nose?I'm a little depressed about my nose.We'll fix that, all right.It's the eye that concerns me.The eye is great, you know.I ain't never really feIt this good.You guys should've seen us tonight.We were good.I always wanted to be. You should've seen it.You had him in the 10th and in the 15th, he was gone.You think so?Trust me, I was there.How's your face, Rocky?I don't know. How's it look?I wouldn't want it.Rocky, I got a little favor I'd like to ask you.You know your friend Gazzo? He admires you a lot.Tell him to give me your old job with him.You mean collecting?Yeah, I'm good with numbers.Okay, as soon as I get finished, you know, healing hereI'll tell him to give you my old job with him,okay? I'd appreciate that.What're you doing here?Visiting hours are over. I have to ask you to leave.Okay, I'll see you later, Paulie.Okay. Everybody's proud of you, Rocky.Yeah? yeah!l feel good tonight.Yeah, ya look good. Let's go.How are we feeling tonight?Very handsome.That tastes good.My kid would die for your autograph.Sure.Would you sign it, please?To my good friend, Charlie Flynn.My hands are so sore.It's my first autograph. Thank you.To my good friend, Charlie Flynn,whom I don't even know.You, Apollo?Who is it?It's just me, Rocky.Listen, could you answer me one question?Yeah, sure.Did you gimme your best?Yeah.Thank you.This coming year, Rocky You all right?It feels great being outside.This coming year you gonna make $300,000 with us.Rocky! Rocky!Could you sign my head?Yeah, sure!I hope it don't go to your brain.I bet that's heavy.A little bit.Think how fast you'll be when you get it off.Let me use your head for a minute, kid.Just sign, Rocky, just seal the deal.I want to talk to you about this here.It's a standard deal.Just for talking about shaving stuff.Sledgehammers, whatever, batteries.All kinds of commercials.Like balIs and baseballs?You're gonna make $300,000. You gotta strike now while the iron's hot.People kinda forget, you know.The time is now. Here, sign it here.It takes you two seconds to sign.It's a standard deal.I'll sign it,but I gotta go now.Where you going? What could be more important?I just gotta do some things, you know. I'll be back.I'll talk to you or something. Where will we call you?I'll call you. You got a number?No, I'll just call you.All right. You call. Here.The guy's got brain damage.It's great being out of the hospital, not having to take all those pilIs and everything.My legs were getting so sore and all that.From just laying there, I was kinda shrinking and all that.It's great to be outside, you know.What are we doing here at the zoo?You know, I kinda like this zoo a lot.It's a special place,especially when it snows.It kinda smelIs clean and everything like that, you know.Don't you like the zoo?I like the zoo.Yeah, me too.You know, I was wondering likewhat do you think you're doing for like the next 40 or 50 years?What do you mean?I was wonderingif you wouldn't mind marrying me very much.What'd you say?If you wouldn't mind marrying me too much?Yes. I'd like to marry you.Yeah? Yes.I'll be a good guy, I promise.I ain't gonna do nothing wrong.I ain't gonna leave no hair in the sinkor nothing like that, you know.Things are gonna be great, you know?We're getting married you know!You wanna come?Can you get out for the weekend?I'll send you an invitation, Mr. Tiger!That's fantastic, ain't it?Absolutely. Yes.I do.Thanks.You may kiss the bride now.I gotta take this off.Go in peace and God bless you.Thanks, Father,you done real good. I'm proud of you.Adrian and Rocky, congratulations!Rocky, you want to buy into the pet shop?I'm gonna do commercials.Commercials? What for, a concussion?Isn't that Father something?Good luck to both of youI gotta go back to the gym.I got a couple of good prospects.Are they really good? They're pretty good.I'll see you around. Thanks for coming.Excuse me, can I borrow the bridegroom for a minute?You look beautiful, Adrian.Yeah, she really turned out pretty.How much money did you make from your last fight? How much did you clear?About 37 grand.l know taxes kill you. What you wanna do with your money now?You want to put 'em on the street.Tony, I just got married in here.I know, and I'm happy for you.How's about investing in condominiums? It's safe.Condominiums?Yeah, condominiums.I never use them.Hey, you, what are you doing?Rocky, what's happening, man?You know, I just got a little married.congratulations!What are you guys doing? Getting some wine in?Why don't you keep singing some more?Sing somethin' for him.Who are they?They're like a neighborhood jukebox.I never knew you were so light.No, if I did,I would've carried you everywhere.Are you getting tired?No, this is great for the arms.I can't believe we're married.I got proof in my pocket.Everything happened so fast.But I knew it was gonna happen from the start.What did you know?The first time I seen you,I says to myself, I says:Even though this girl is suffering from the disease of being shyunderneath them sweaters, and hat, andWhat'd you have on, about 20 sweaters?No, three.Three Sweaters is the best girl in Philly, you know?I said that. Really?we're gonna check this out.Butkus, could you get down? Go on.Go find another seat, will you?You want me to help you with this?Can I take this off?That's the way I like you.You know, you're the best thing that ever come into my crazy life.You know that, huh? Really.You're the best thing that ever come into my life.You think it'll always be like this?Yeah.I hope you. What?you never get tired of me.Oh, no.You ain't never getting rid of me.I hope nothing changes.I ain't changing. I sure ain'tnever changing nothing about you.I love you.I love you, too.It's a nice car, Rocky.It's a great car.Here's the papers for it. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.Congratulations. Lots of luck. Same to you.Isn't that nice?We really don't need a car.I'm gonna be doing commercials.I can afford this, you know. No problem.Do you know how to drive?Do I know how to drive? Do you know how to drive?I'm one of the greats! Come on, I'll drive you.This'll just be like Cinderella and the pumpkin, you know.Do you know how to drive? Do I know how to drive? !I drive airplanes and bulldozers.I'd drive you crazy if you'd give me a chance.You know what I mean?Look at this here.Tell me that wouldn't look great on you?This one's okay.Look at this black thing here with a tiger on the back.Black, I like black. It's kinda my favorite color. You wanna buy 'em?We get 'em before someone else buys 'em. What do you say?Come on, Adrian.I think that would be perfect for her.I think that's perfect, too.Don't you think this is kind of expensive?Come on, do you like having a good time?Then you need a good watch.I wanna get one for Paulie, too. Okay?What about one for yourself? For me?I can't tell time very good.But, all right, I'll take one, too.Gloria, you got something nice for Butkus?Sure thing, Rockyhead.You like that?Butkus, look at that.Your neck looks great, huh?Gloria, you got something a little smaller?Look at that.Oh yeah, look at that.You see? Now that's what I call class, huh?Real sharp.You okay, Butkus?Nice house.Look at these bricks, Adrian.My husband's an expert on bricks.Are these new bricks?This is a very solid neighborhood.I like the bricks. They're very nicely done here. They look very solid.Nice box. I like this mailbox. These numbers almost add up to nine.I like that. It's a good omen.Nice house.Adrian, baby,that's a great spot for a bag.I could teach you how to work that bag someday, you know.Does it have copper plumbing?Upstairs and down.The whole house is supported with steel. The whole thing.All these floors are solid oak, solid.Mrs. Balboa,can I show you the kitchen? You're gonna really like it.Solid.Adrian, that's a great spot for a radio. Right over there, you know.Look at these steps. Nice steps.A nice kitchen.What're the taxes every year?Fifteen hundred. Fifteen hundred.I like it. I know a pretty good deal when I see one, too.Excuse me, I want to talk to my husband for one second.Can I talk to you?I'm available. I got no appointments.Rocky, you're making this man's job very easy.The bank says it will give usa $16,000 mortgageat nine and a haIf percent.That don't matter. Let's get the house?But we didn't go upstairs.That's just details. I'm sure it's nice.Details, huh? Are you sure?Absolutely, okay?We'll take the house,and it better not leak, or else.Could you stand over there? I gotta talk secretly with my wife.Sure. Sure.You know, I kinda feel stupid, talking like this with the lights on.But the house here,the solid oak floors and all that stuff and the plumbingwouldn't mean nothing without you being hereI don't know, without you being here, I'd probablyI wouldn't be here either, you know.You don't have to speak.No?Okay, let's go celebrate.I'll beat you to the pool!Hey, you guys! Slow down.Mary Anne, hon, listen to this.You didn't beat nobody and anybodywho knows boxing knows the fight was fixed.This one came from London.You call yourseIf 'The Champ.' You're a fakeThe fight was a fake. Go kill yourself.Wouldn't you rather play with the children than read hate mail?How much did you get to carry that bum for 15 rounds?You're a disgrace to your people.Why can't you ignore it? !Are you serious?Let me get you in focus.You ready, man? All right, I'm ready.Are you blind, Rocky?What're you getting wise with me? Throw the ball,let me see your best, here. I'm waiting for you.I'm waiting for you.You can't even play stickball!Come on, I'm ready now. I'm just warming up.Are you ready for this?You better keep your mouth closed. It's coming in that direction.What a shot! Over the roof!Now I know this day weren't no waste.Yeah? yesAdrian, you did it!You woke up this morning with a smile on your face.I said, Something special's gonna happen today.If this kid has your good looks, your good brains and my good left hook...he's really gonna be something.What if it's a boy, I mean, a girl? What if it's a girl?I didn't think about that.She'll be everything I'm not.She won't have to be shy.We could give her singing and dancing lessons.How about a new dress every day? Would you like that?I'll hire a bodyguardwhen she starts going to schoolto keep the boys away.You know how them little boys can be a real pest in general, can't they?And if it's a boy,I'd like him to be just like the father.Don't you think one dumbbell in the family's enough, huh?I'll tell you one thing. This kid ain't gonna get no tattoos.He ain't gonna be hanging on no corners or dress like no wise guy like me...He's gonna be a good somebody like you.Like you.No, like you.Like you.No, like you.Like you.Adrian,we did it, didn't we?How you feel, Rocky?Pretty good.The reason we didn't call you a couple of months ago iswe wanted to wait till the swelling went down.I see.But you look terrific now.We're gonna make a buck together. Don't worry about it.I got a deal from Smart Deal Toy Company.Did you ever hear of 'em?Maybe Mrs. Rocky did. Did you ever hear of a Smart Deal toy?Big. They're Number One.And they wanna make a Rocky doll.You can kick it. You can beat it.It does everything. For kids.It takes a terrific beating.We're gonna make a lot of money with it, okay?Is he ready, dear?Finito.How do I look? The best.Fabulous.Adrian, how do I look? Different.Sensational. Come on, let's get it on.He's gonna be great.Don't be nervous.I look stupid, don't I?Yes.You got any deodorant? No.Excuse meAll right. We're ready. Let's go, Arthur.In the cage, Rocky.Just the way we rehearsed.Everyone, get ready for picture now.Come on, Rocky, we're running late. Girls, come on. Look alive, dear.Could I have it a little higher?That's it.Magic time.Roll, please. Speed.Beast After-Shave, Take One.Action.Go now?Action!In the morning, I splash it onand it makes me smeal mainly.Smeal mainly? Cut!Isn't that ''smell manly''?Can you read that, Rocky?So, let's go again.Well, excuse me.You know, I know I said it wrong,but it really don't smell manly.I mean, do you think this stuff smelIs like a man?I say absolutely no.Are you finished? I am SorryOkay, rolling again. Nice and quiet.''Beast After-Shave,'' Take Two.ActionIn the morning,I splash it onand it surrounds my face with class.Cut!ActionBeast After-Shavewill turn the women into beasts.Cut!ActionIf you want to be the king of the beastsand smell like a jungle ratThat's right. It's ''cat.'' They look alike.Action!In the afternoon, when I put it onto go out with the guys and have a rendez-vousCut! We're going to the alternate set.We're cutting the set.I can get it.I'm sure you can. Will you get out of the cage?The word, ''rendez-vous''Rocky, if you don't mind.Yes, rendez-vous over to the other set,We've only wasted four hours.Arthur, will you organize here? We're going to the alternate set.It sounded great before it came out like that.Get the damn club away from him and get the girIs into their other outfits.Where are the wardrobe people? Where are the prop people?All right, wet him down!Arthur, step out, please.Speed.''Beast After-Shave, the contender,'' Take Seven.Try to get it right. Action!Hi, my name is Rocky Balboa, the ltalian Stallion.They say I'm the American Dreambut not becauseCan I do it over again?Christ! Cut!No, just keep it rolling.Just, read it off the dummy cards.Dummy cards? Please, go on.Wait a minute. I'd like to explain something.You know, I ain't punchy. I got what you call a relaxed brainbut I ain't punchy, you know. It's just the way I talk here.What's the difference?Can you just do it the way it's written?This whole thing here ain't right.What isn't right?You're a rude guy.I'm trying very hard and you're being rude.That's bad manners, ain't it, Adrian?Yes.But I'll tell ya, I gotta be almost punchy to bedoing this in front of my wife.You wanna quit? Then quit! Leave!Get outta here! I didn't want you for this setup in the first place!You have wasted, wasted our time, sir.This is a complete bust.Leonard, where are you going?l want you to take him with you, Leonard. Take this man with you.He is not a professional. I only work with professionals.You cost us thousands of dollarsbecause you can't read!snarled the robber.It's no time to cuss me,By God! Fellas, grab your rifles an' take color cover.How's it sound?It's good.You know, being a good reader's gonna help me geta good office job, you know.Wanna hear some more?I can't wait. OK.There ain't no cover, SmokeyWe better head for the canyon.You read nice.Thank you. You lie nice.And how far did you go in high school?Ninth.Now, one last question.Do you have a criminal record?Nothing worth bragging about.Would you be interested in some sort of manual labor?I got nothing against honest manual labor.It's just that I'dlike to see if I could make a living sitting down like you're doing over there.Can I be honest?No one's going to offer you an office job.There's too much competition.Why don't you fight?I read you're a very good fighter.Yeah? Well...Was you ever punched in the face 500 times a night?Stings after a while, you know.Thank you very much for your time. I appreciate it.Mr. Balboa, Yeah.I'm very sorry. We have nothing.Are you sure? NextLook, pal, you gotta be realistic. You got no high-school diploma no qualifications.Wouldn't you be more contentwith a good-paying menial labor job?The way I see it is I can get another job if I wanna.But do I wanna? Do I wanna be doing something I ain't gonna be happy doing?Plus, you know, we need the money now, Butkus.Dogs don't wanna hear my problems. Come on.I wish I was a canine sometimes.Give me a kiss.The only job I got's lugging beef.You have nothin' better for Rocky than hauling beef?That's all I got,and we're cutting back,too.if you want to work,it'll be from week to week, okay?That's okay with me, but when can I start?How about tomorrow?How about today?Okay, we got a load coming in. Great.Paulie, you look kinda skinny there!He's losing weight, ain't he?Don't bother to thank me.Thanks a lot, Paulie.And, you don't have to thank me for the watch either.There's the best-looking thing I've seen all day.You look tired.No, my face is tired.I feel okay.Do you want to take a hot bath?No, come on. I feel dynamic, honest.Listen, tomorrow...I was thinking at work maybe after workI'll take you out.You wanna do something nice, huh? You want to do that?How's your stomach? Fine.You look great. You know that?You look tired, though.they're just like old friends, ain't they?Old friends never tasted this good.I heard that!YouYou RockyYou wanted me, Frank?Roky, I gotta let you go.How come? I'm working hard.I'm doing good.Real good,but we gotta cut back on manpower.You ain't got enough time in.It's seniority.How about if I take a cut in pay, all right?Can't do it. Union rules.Rules, rules.Can I finish out the day?Sure. Rocky, I'm sorry.Me, too.You got more stories than a book, you know that?There's my brother-in-law, Rocky. Give me the five!My brother-in-law came to visit me.How are you? How you doing?Looking over your old stomping ground?Paulie, you wanna buy this car?I thought you liked it.It's okay, I don't need it no more.I have a hard time making these right turns with my bad eye.I keep hitting trash cans and things like that.You got problems at home? Need bread?Everything's okay.You know, this car'd look great wrapped around you, you know.Look, if you need a handout, I'll give you a handout.I don't need no handout, Paulie.Look, you wanna buy the car?Sure.Rocky, why don't you be smart and fight again?That's okay, I don't need to fight no more.Listen, you wanna buy the car?You wanna pick up the payments?My sister giving you a hard time?You know, if she is, you break her teeth.I appreciate the advice,Paulie,but I kinda like her teeth where they are.Here ya go, you bought yourseIf a car.It's a good car, you know.You gotta buckle up for safety and all that.Where you going? You need a lift?See you around.Say hi to my sister for me.Listen, if you two need the car, just ask!When did you get home? I thought you were at work.No,I ain't at work no more. I got...I got canned today.What happened? I don't know.It was nobody's fault.They were just cutting back.You know,it was economics.What're you gonna do? I don't know.I was thinking about fighting.What about your eye?The doctor said you shouldn't fight anymore.He recommended I don't fight,and I recommend that I do.You can go blind.Nobody's going blind.Honest, I see great.And I see like a beagle or something like that.You could be whatever you wanna be. You don't have to fight anymore.You know, I am a fighter. Not too good,but that's what I do.Rocky, you gave me your word you wouldn't fight anymore.I mean, if we need, I could get a job.You don't have to do that.Oh, sure. I can get my job back,you know, part time, at the pet shop.But I'm the one who's supposed to support.It's just for a little while.Listen, what if you catch somepet-shop disease or something?There're no pet-shop diseases, Rocky.Really, I wanna work.You really wanna do it?We need the money.It'll come in handy.Maybe you're right, you know.You know what's best.Darling,could you start dinner? I'm starting to get a little hungry.I just wanna finish my workout here, okay?Sure.Who the hell is there? !Avon lady.Who's that? Rocky?I don't remember giving you no key.You don't look so bad, do you, kid?What's that?An outer-space monster you brought me?No, that's Butkus, my large dog. What's that in your ear there?What is that? I hear stupid things better.Well now, did you come here to show me that dog?Mickey,can I have my locker back?Really? What's on your mind?Fighting.Fighting? What? Do you wanna go blind?Nobody's going blind. Now you heard what I said? And the eye's great.No problem.Listen, every pug thinks he hasone good one left.Now forget it because your fighting career is over, kid.Is that right? I think that's right.You know, I spend my whole life getting a career.I get one and you tell me it's over.What's the matter?You shook the hell out of the champion of the whole wide world.Be happy with that.Maybe we can do better this time.Or worse. What about that?You, Mick. I've done you a favor last time, you know.Can you do me one this time?I don't know.You don't understand me. I wanna show you something now. Test you.Now, you look, right there, at the end of my nose.I wanna test you. Look at your nose.Now, when I bring my finger in here,tell me when you see it, will yo?There's the little thing. I see it.That's good.I told you it was okay.Wait. Now we try the other lamp.Now, look here, will you? Now tell me.I see it.No, you see nothing!Creed would've caved in the whole side of your face.Now, forget it, kid.You got the heart,but you ain't got the tooIs no more.Now, forget it!Is that right?That is right. Yeah?Maybe it's you who ain't got it no more, you know that?Now look, you didn't even see that coming,did you? No.That was from a broken-down pug like me.What do you think the champ would do to you?I don't know, hurt me bad.No, he'd hurt you permanent.Permanent!if I can't fight no morethen maybe I can help out around here, you know.Here? Sure, butYou know, you're like royalty here, kid.Do you want those guys to seeyou carrying toweIs and buckets around? Where's your dignity?I don't know how to say this, you know.It's just I gotta be around it.All right, kid.Will you come back tomorrow, huh?Thanks a lot, Mick.Look,I don't know about anybody else,but since I'm gonna be promoting the fight myself,I want a lot more pressure put on for a rematch.We can get the same money for the two top contenders.Why go after Balboa? Why?Because there's still a lot of people out there that think he won.There's a lot of people accusing me of having the fight fixedaccusing me of being a fake,and insulting my kids at school.That's why!You wanna hear the truth?I wanna hear the truth.The truth is he was damn lucky.Now he's all finished.I mean, he's been hanging around doing nothing for six months.And any trainer worth anything wouldn't have nothing to do with him.Now I say,Let's go after some new meat.Forget this bum.Do you think I beat him the last time? Do you?You got the decision.Man, I won, but I didn't beat him!What are you afraid of, Tony?Honest?Yeah, honest.He's all wrong for us, baby.I saw you beat that manlike I never saw no man get beat before.And the man kept coming after you.We don't need that kind of man in our life.I know what you're feeling.Let it go!Let it go! You're the champ.Thank you.You're in charge of my public relations, right?I want a new campaign started.I want something done publicly to bring this man out.I want something done to jar this man's pride.I want something done to get the people around him talking.You realize if we use this humiliation tacticyou're setting yourseIf up as the bad guy.Look, man, whatever gets him in the ring.What's happening?What're you talking about?You heard me. What is this?It's kinda funny, don't you think?Chico, listen. What's with the grin?How'd you get so happy with yourself? Let me tell ya something.Snarl more, you see.Now a good snarl can give you what the Bible calIs a psychological edge.Because ya snarl on your punches.Wait a minute. Rocky! Come here a minute, will you?Show this Latin lamebrainhow to snarl and punch. Show him that.That's it, you see!That's ugly! That's a snarl.John will ya empty them buckets? They're flowing over. Will you do that?Johnny, I'll do it.Let him do it.I got it, Rocky. Come on, I don't mind.It's no problem.Wait a minute.Now you can take it.Can't you think of anything tougher to say than ''whoops''?Come on, Chink, hit that right. Bang!Tony, how you doing?How am I doing? No, how are you doing?What're ya doing? Give it to me straight.You know, sweeping. Making a few bucks here and there.You ain't no janitor, Rocky. You don't need a job like this.Besides, you're ltalian.Now you come back and work for me, Rocky.What would I be doing? You mean like...collecting or something? What else?You come back, work on the docks, get some fresh air.It stinks in here.Tony, I appreciate the offer, but...I can't do that stuff no more.It's healthy, huh? Look, I gotta go.Take it easy, huh, champ?See you around.Remember that guy, Rocky.How's everybody in the clubhouse tonight?Fine. How'd your day go?A million laughs. You know, it was great. You need some help with that?Yes. Yes, ok.You know Adrian,l was thinking maybe you oughta stay home and rest your stomach.Come on, Rocky, it's just part time. We need the money.Well, maybe you're right.There we go.That ain't my brand, huh? I like oatmeal.Listen, why don't we forget all this work?I'll tell ya a few jokes on the way home and maybe you'll laugh,We need a few laughs in our life. What do ya think? Maybe?Yes.Maybe. Okay,let's get outta here, okay?Here we go.Listen, Adrian Listen to this one:Why do cows wear bells?Why?Because their horns don't work.Isn't that killing you? No? Huh?Everybody liked it in third grade.I used to break everybody up with it.You really sweep good, man.Is he talking to you?He has me mixed up with somebody else. Come on.Italian chicken!You guys got the easy life.How you guys doing? Did anybody move today, you know? Huh?How's life in the bowl?You gotta exercise once in a while.Would you like a little snack, a little something?Come on, Cuff. Hello, Link,what are you drowning down there, huh?You wanna hear some TV, huh?Come here, Butkus. Come here, boy.What'd you do today, huh?Did you bark at anybody today?You know, Adrian,sometimes I look at Butkus. I don't think he's a normal canine.What you think he is? I don't know.He's just don't look like a regular dog sometimes when I look inside there.Earlier today, I was down at Apollo Creed's palatial gymas usual,the world champion was not at a loss for words about Rocky Balboa.I know a lot of people wanna see mein a rematch with a timid fellow who calIs himseIf "The ltalian Stallion."But this man does not have the honor to meet me in the ring.Rocky Balboa did officially retire.What is your name, huh?The bum's hiding. The bum's running.He doesn't wanna face me. He's scared.You've been under close scrutiny ever since that split-decision victory.I think there's more here than meets the eye.A lot of reporters, including me,thought it was an even draw.That's your opinion, you're entitled to it.But now I'm ready to have a rematchto prove that this lucky club-fighter, that's what he isdoes not have the skillto last five minutesin the ring with a superior athlete like me.The man's running. The man's hiding. The man doesn't wanna face me.So I say to you, Rocky Balboa,or whatever your name isthat I want the American people to know I want the whole world to knowthat I'm ready,willing and able to meet you anywhere,anyplace,anytime.I'll meet and defeat this so-called fighter...who calIs himseIf "The ltalian Stallion."If the man only has the guts to give me a call.And you can call me collect. Call me, Balboa!This would be a legitimate rematch the boxer against the puncher,and I think everyone wants to see themback in the ring together.But there's only one problem:Where is Rocky Balboa?No-good bum!You know, I was thinking that I ain't supposed to do no commercialsand I ain't supposed to work in no meat house.I'm supposed to be a fighter.I thought you gave that up.I think I'm becoming a nobody again, too.In whose eye? Not mine.In mine. In here.We'll get by.That's just it.I don't want just to get by the hard way, you know?I want you to have good things.I want the kid to have good things.We'll have them.I just think we need them now. Don't you?Rocky, please.You don't have to prove anything.Adrian, it's all I know.I don't want you to do it.It's all I know.AdrianYou knowI never asked youto stop being a woman, you know.please.I'm asking you, please.Don't ask me to stop being a man.I think we oughta knock his block off.Absolutely.I'm sorry.Let's do it.Apollo,has a site been chosen for the rematch?This fight will be held in the Philadelphia Spectrum.Because I want this man's home town to see this.I want all of Philadelphia. I want all of America,I want the whole worldto see me destroy this man after two short rounds.Because after this fight,he's gonna have to donate what's gonna be left of his body to science.But there won't be much. That, I can guarantee.what do you think about the fight taking place in the Spectrum?I'm very happy about that.Why?It's only about 10 minutes from my house.A lot of people say you lost the fight, a victim of the Southpaw Jinx.Did fighting a left-hander throw you off?Southpaw Jinx nothing!Last time,I took the fight too lightly and this man was just plain lucky.But this time, you all will seethe real Apollo Creed.The world's gonna see the real Apollo. Lightning fast and hard to catch.No playing, no jiving. Just business.Rocky,do you think you have a chance this time against Apollo?I don't know. He looks pretty mad.Me and Mick, we're gonna try our best.His lungs he's gonna punch out.Now who's that, Al Capone?I wouldn't sweat you.A lot of people may not like me and that's okay.But come November,Apollo Creed will provide the ultimate gala spectacle on Thanksgiving,in front of this man's home crowdI'm gonna drop him like a bad habit.Rocky, your pay for the fight is very substantial.What're you gonna do with the money? Yes, what're you gonna do?First thing I gotta do is, I gotta pay the rent, you know.Then,I made this list on the way over and I was just thinking of things to do.I'd like to get a couple of hats, a motorcycle anda couple of quarts of perfume, for Adrian.She likes to smell good.And some Muppet toys, you know. Ernie and Big Birdand that frog. What's his name, Kermit?I thought maybe a statue for the Church andI think a snow-cone machine for you, Paulie.You like snow cones,don't you?Rocky, got anything derogatory to say about the champ?Derogatory? Yeah, he's great.How about some clowning shots, Apollo?Does this look like a circus to you, man? !Come November, you're mine.He's very upset.See how he bumps that jab into your eye?Yeah.You got guts to go back in the ring with him, kid.Thanks a lot, Mick.Your style's too easy to figure out.Left-handed fighters, they're the worst.They lead with their face mostly,gotta throw that big left.The right's no damn good.They oughta outlaw southpaws.Why didn't you tell me this before?I didn't wanna hurt your feelings. Now, lookYou gotta pull this miracle off. You gotta change everything.You gotta learn to be a right-handed fighter.Now, this'll confuse Apolloand it'll protect that bad eye.No, I can't learn how to fight right-handed no more.What's can't? There ain't no can'ts! There's no can'ts!Now he will beat you uglier than you are now.Now listen, you start fighting right-handedand then ya change suddenand that'll make history.But first, we gotta get speed,demon speed.Speed's what we need.We need greasy, fast speed!Now, I show you a trick how to get some speed in them legs.You have to wear that stinking sweatshirt?It brings me luck, you know.You know what it brings? It brings flies.Now listen, I want ya to try Listen to me!I want you to try to chase this little chicken.Why do I gotta chase a chicken for? It's embarrassing, you know.First, because I said so.And second, because chicken-chasingis how we always used to train in the old days.You catch this thing, you can catch greased lightning.I'd rather eat it than chase it.It ain't mature, but all right.Neither are you very mature!I'm a fighter. I ain't a farmer.Come on at it! Go on and get him!Get him, get him!What's the matter with you? Get him!Come on! What's the matter with you? Get him!Pick him up! Pick him up!Pull him around!What's the matter? You're so fast.Are your standards still speed, speed! ?Can't you catch a little chicken?Come on, run!Move your tail!You look like a girl out there.I feel like a Kentucky-fried idiot.Wake up, will you? Will you wake up?What's the matter with my sister?Adrian don't like this.She started crying and everything.She don't like me fighting no more.What's with this domestic stuff? !Jab that till it hurts!Five hundred times without stopping.Do you hear me? ! Five hundred times.Mick, I wanna use my other arm.If you do, I'm gonna chop it off. Is that clear?I'll figure something.I wish you would. I'd appreciate it, you know.I'm sorry, are you finished?Can we go to work?That would be nice. Now hit that bag.Jab it till it hurts. Go ahead!Three...four....Now I want 500 high ones! Go!Where was I, seven or eight?Five, six.One, two. One, two. Come on,turn it over. Come on, stab it, stab it. Come on!Hit it! Come on! Speed! Speed! Speed!All right, pick it up!Faster! Faster!Faster!Come on! Faster!Time!Time!Leave me alone!Get up!Get me another one, all right?Come on, you gotta ease up on these sparring partners.You just get me another man.What's the matter?That bag's too fast for you?They gonna pound that sass right out of him.Last time, we should've won,but this time you're gonna be scary, kid.You're gonna be a greasy, fast, ltalian monster!You're gonna eat lightnin'. You're gonna crap thunder!We're gonna have to put you in a cage, kid.Let's take a break, Mick, all right?Break? What break?Where you going? We're not finished.I said, where the hell you going? ! Talking to myself, mister.Speed! Speed!Catch that punk!Speed, damn it! Speed!Can't you catch that little squirt?Can't you? !Come on! Get the lead out!Move! Move! Fast!You look dead.If you're gonna catch that little speedballyou're gonna catch Creed easy.Come on! Move, move!Time!Dead-ass, get over here!You sick, kid?What's the matter with you?Nothing.Let me tell you something, kid.Now, for a 45-minute fightyou gotta train hard for Forty-five thousand minutes.That's 10 weeks.That's 10 hours a day, you listening? !You ain't even trained one! I don't knowwhat the hell you're waiting for.I don't knowSuit yourself.Rocky.Paulie, how you doing?I'm worried about you. I been watching.What? Your head ain't screwed on right.Come on. I'm doing okay. You know,I've been thinking if you'd like to work my corner.You wanna get involved in this fight?Get involved in what? Watching you get murdered?Come on, I'm doing okay.My sister got you so guiltyyou're running all over the place.No, it ain't all right.Paulie, it's okay. All right?It's not okay.You just leave Adrian alone, all right?Hey kid, carry this will ya?Because I liked ya better when ya was carrying spit!What's that supposed to mean?It means that you're training like a ninth-grade pugwho oughta be pumping gas in Jersey someplace.Yeah? That's what it means.I think I wanna go take a shower, Mick.Soak your head someplace. Soak it good.Adrian, where are you? Paulie.What the hell are ya doing?What do you mean?About what?About messing up that guy over there.I'm just trying to keep him safe.What, feeding these goddamn squirrels?Did I teach ya how to do thatwhile you're ditching the guy when he needs your help?I can't believe my ears.You didn't teach me anything.And I never hurt Rocky.You're messing up his brain real bad. Do you know that?That's not what I'm doing. I don't know what you're talking about.Don't tell me!He's gonna get hurt because of you.It ain't true. Don't say that!I'm saying it.Come across and tell him it's all right.It's not all right, Paulie!If he goes blind, you walk away.I can't. I love him, you don't!What're you doing?What're you doing? What's wrong?Adrian, what's the matter?Come on, where're your guts?What's your problem, Mick?My problem? You got a problem, kid.You got a ticker problem.What's the matter? You got nothing left inside, huh?Because you're training like a damn bum. You know that?A bum?A bum!Maybe you're right. Maybe I ain't got it no more.Then don't you waste my time no more, do you hear that?Go away!Go back to the docks where you belong.You'll go back to being a two-bit nothing!But don't you ever come back here againbecause I'm too oldto waste my timetrying to train a no-good loser like you.You bum!They want you across the street.You're wife's sick.Mr. Balboa, I'm Dr. Cooper.The baby is fine even though it's a month premature.What is it?It's a boy.Holy smoke, I didn't know she could do it.How's Adrian? Where is Adrian?She's had complications.Like what?Your wife was hemorrhagingwhen she was brought in.The premature delivery was most likely caused by straining or overwork.And the sudden loss of blood has caused her to slip into a coma.Adrian, it's me.They said you're very sick, butI don't wanna believe that.Maybe you're just tired, you know.Don't worry about nothing. You just sleep as long as ya want, okay?Because I'm gonna be here when ya wake up.Rocky, come on.You're not doing any good, you know.Let's go see the kid. That's what Adrian would want.No, we gotta see him together.We gotta see him together.Mr. Balboavisiting hours are over.Well, can't I stay? I'll be quiet.I'm sorry. Hospital rules.I can't do any more of this watchin' stuff.Do you have a chapel?Yes, we do.Good night.Hi, Rocky.It's three in the morning.You know that I went up to your house.They told me you was here.It's 3:00 a.m., kid.Adrian she's a good girl.You know, I'm sorry for both of you.There's nothing I can do, is there?ExceptI'd like to tell you something once,and then I ain't gonna say it again.Rock, you got another shot.It's the second shotthe biggest title in the world.And you're gonna be swapping puncheswith the most dangerous fighter in the world.And just in case...you know, your brain ain't working so goodall this happens pretty soon.And you ain't ready.You're nowhere near in shape.So I said, for God's sake.Why don't you stand upand fight this guy hardlike ya done before? ! That was beautiful!But don't sit down in front of him like this!Like, I don't know, some kind of mongrel or something.Because he's gonna kick your face in pieces!This guy just don't wanna win. He wants to bury you.He wants to humiliate you. He wants to prove to the whole worldthat it was nothingbut some kind of a freak the first time out!And he said you'rea one-time lucky bum!I don'tI don't want to get madin a BiblicaI place like this.But I think you're a hell of a lot more than that, kid!But if you want to blow it.If you want to blow this thingdamn it, I'm gonna blow it with you.If you wanna stay here, I'll stay with you.I'll stay with you.I'll stay with you.I'll stay and pray. What I got to lose?It's gonna be okay.There ain't no other traiI to the ranch,or no shorter one.Oh yes, there is, When I was a kid,I helped my old man traiI some cattle up from the border.Can you hear me, Adrian?Keep listening. Keep listening.After breakfast, Bruce watched the party get away on the chase.He saw Cora and Kay and Budstart up the valley 15 minutes ahead of the others.At the last minute, the girlreplied, Olga, Buck Mason, who is he?I just wrote this thing for you, Adrian.Maybe you'll like it.I'll just read it.Remember when we was on ice-skatesAnd I thought you was supposed to be greatBut I kept giving you lip,And you kept trying to slipSo I could catch you.And that was our first dateAnd after thatevery day was great.So now, I want ya to know, That wherever you goAtlantic City or in the snowDon't worry 'bout a thing,Because as long as I got this ringI'll always be there to catch you.I knew you'd come back.Thanks, God!Anybody want a refill?Adrian, it costs six bucks a bottle.I don't need that. I ain't drinking now.You mean you haven't seen the baby?No, come on. I was waiting to see him together.You know, the kid's a winner.He's got full arms like you, Mickey.Here he is now. Look.My baby!Is that it?I can't believe it! He's ours?He's really ours? Thank you.Adrian, I can't believe you done this!Believe me, we did.What do you wanna call him?Paulie's a great name.Paul, Paulie's a pretty good name.What about after the father?Rocky Junior?Come on, you really want to do that?Adrian, he's the best I've ever seen.You look so tired.Why don't you go get some sleep?No, no. I feel great. Listen, I've been thinking.If you don't want me mixing with Creed no morewe'll make out some other kinda way, you know.There's one thing I want you to do for me.What?Come here.What?Win!Win!What're we waiting for? Take this!Faster! Faster!Keep moving, keep moving!Faster!Pick 'em up! Pace doubles.That's it.That's it.Speed! Speed!Come on!Don't give up!Come on44 4546 4748 49Don't give up! Get that other out of you!Push!41 42 4346 47Push! Again!Left. Right.I did it!That's speed!Speed! Speed!Good night.I made it!Rocky!Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Bill Baldwin speaking to youfrom the magnificent Spectrum,here in Philadelphiathe site of Superfight Twowith Rocky Balboa, the challenger,of course, Apollo Creed, the world champion.My sidekick and partner again tonight, Stu Nahan.Thank you, Bill.we're gonna see a real great battle, in every sense of the word.Don't worry about nothing.It's okay.I gotta go.Adrian, I wish the doctor'd let you go to this fight.Me too.You're the man. You're Number One. The champ, the best of all time.The girIs love you. Men will always love you.You're the best. You're the man. And he's yours.This bum shouldn't even be in the same ring with you.I want you to show him who you are tonight.Show him who you are. Stick him!RockyListen, Paulie, you're gonna help out with the baby tonight.You just take care of everything now,You're gonna be late for your fight.Everything's gonna be fine.Maybe I better go fight now.I love you.And I love you, too.Adrian, I wish you could go.The doctor said, no.Take care.Good luck.The champion has let it be known that he is in the best shape of his illustrious career.Rocky Balboais a five-to-one underdog.Still a street brawler from Philadelphia.But can he repeat thatincredible performance of 10 months ago?He took a real beating at the hands of the champion.Father Carmine!Hey, Father Carmine, you home?Father Carmine!Rocky?It's me, Rocky Balboa.Rocky? Yes.I'm going to the fight right now.But I was wondering if you could do me a small favor, you know?It's about the fight, you know.Now I got the family and the baby and all that stuff.if you could throw down a blessing.So if I get beat up tonight it won't be too bad, you know.Could you do something like that?Thanks a lot, Father. I appreciate it.I gotta go. I'm so late.I'll see ya in church, I hope. Take care.Hey, Rocky.Good luck, son.Where you been? You lost your brains or something?We got a fight here tonight, remember?I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm here.Get dressed, will you?There are many rumors about this fight.The most obvious being a definite desirefor Apollo to draw first blood, to end it quickly.This would prove his claim that the last fight was a fluke.Lightning! Thunder!Hurricane! Hurricane!You're gonna get him.He's ours. He's ours.It's time, kid.Okay, let's do it.All right, I'm ready.I think I'm starting to get a headache here.No, you are in perfect working condition.You look real good, too.And you look perfect.Hey, MickIn case I don't get a chance,I just wanna sayI'm gonna be trying hard for you today, okay?Thank you.Ain't this robe nice?It's better than the last one. Remember that baggy one?This is gorgeous. It's perfect.It's real cute. I like it.Here's Rocky Balboa heading toward the ring now.known to millions as The Italian StallionWhy this fighter of limited abilityhas gained such popularityis such a mystery.Rocky Balboa!And the crowds here in this section are beginning to chant his name.He has an awfuI lot of backers here.Balboa is wearing a black-and-gold robe.He wore a red one the last timefrom that meat-packing plant.Some said that was from the high schoolthat he never graduated from Thirty-one years of age.And we're waiting now for the champion to come into the ring.Rocky!The arena's certainly packed with Rocky's people.I've never seen so many Italians in one place in my life.You said it, I didn't say it.Rocky! Rocky!These people are for you, Rocky!I appreciate it.Are you ready in here? I think so.Tonight's our night, kid.By the sound of the crowd,the champion is just now coming into the Spectrum.And the champion, Apollo Creed.He looks a little more determined this time than he did the last time!It's Apollo.Who'd ya expect?I was hoping he wouldn't show.And now, the champion is climbing into the ringvery determined-looking, very serious right now.Rocky doesn't look as confident as he might.Apollo Creed, the master of disaster!You going down, man! You going down!Don't let it bother you, kid.Wouldn't it bother you?Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.And welcome to the Philadelphia Spectrum.This is the main event of the evening:Fifteen rounds, the Heavyweight Championship of the world.In the black corner,the challenger weighing 202 pounds.From the great fighting city of PhiladelphiaThe ltalian Stallion, Rocky Balboa.a championwho needs no introduction anywhere in the civilized world.The true master of disasterthe undefeated Heavyweight Champion of the worldthe one, the only, Apollo Creed.Referee Lou Filippo will give the instructions.I'm gonna give youthe instructions now.I expect you to follow them.Watch your low punchesand watch your kidney punches.Watch your rabbit punches.In case of a knockdown,you go to the corner I tell you toand stay there until I tell you to come out. Understand?Okay, boys, let's have a good fight.You're going down.Good luck to you.He's still upset.Who cares? Now listen, protect that eye.And no matter what happens don't go back to fighting southpaw till I tell you.Now, you get him, son.Rocky, good luck.Now, he's gonna try to kill you quick.If you get through this first round, then he's ours!Show him who you are.Rocky Balboa prays in his corner. The champion dancing over in his corner.We're just seconds away from the fight of the century, Superfight Two.The champion comes over in a hurry and throws a couple of rights and lefts.He starts to take command early here.And now, he's kind of hauling speed around the ring.Rocky's holding that right hand.He's fighting right-handed.I don't believe it.The Southpaw from Philly, he is fighting right-handed!Rocky!Rocky!Break that damn jab!Protect that eye!Is that all you got? You ain't got nothing!You ready to lay down?A go right, a go left.Another right and another right!Creed out with a right hand. Take it, Balboa.Now he's in the corner.And those left and right hits are coming back at him.A lot of lefts and a right to the head.Balboa appears to be getting hit often.But he seems to be in pretty good condition right now.Balboa is in trouble now.He's in trouble, taking rights and lefts from the champion.It is a tremendous fightBalboa is downWe see Apollo's hit that bad left eye,remember,from the first fight? It was the eye that was cut the last time.Balboa's getting up.Go get him!Go after him, kid! Go after him!The champion starts to move in again,throwing rights and leftsBalboa right into the cord.Come on! Balboa!Balboa's tags: Left, left and right combinations by the champion.It's the end of the round.There's a lot of bad blood between these two.Good round. Good round.I can't believe it.He broke my nose again.Balboa's gotta be in great shapeto withstand that butchering.And I'll tell you just what it is, it's a plain old butchering.Did the switching bother you?All right, then you should've had him.you can't be hurt, Because you are too tough!Now, don't let up on this man. This man is dangerous.This man is danger! I am dangerous!That guy's great.Listen, he's only a man.You can beat himbecause you're a tank.You're a greasy, fast, 200-poundItalian tank.Go to him! Run over him!I'm a tank. I'm gonna get him!Here we go, round 2.The champion comes back out.He's leading across again starting with the left to the left,to the left.Left to the chin. Left to the head. Left to the chin. Left to the head.He's coming on now. They're pulling out that right hand.He's just waiting for that precise moment that he wants. There it is!And here comes Balboa!You can't hurt me. He can't hurt me, no way!Break it up. Break it up.Break it up. Break free.Now the champion holds Balboa.You're too slow! Man, you're too slow!Get your cameras ready.Watch this, man, watch this!He's going down.Get up, Rocky, get up!Balboa for the second time is down, struggling to get up.Just stay down there, chump.Beautiful. Beautiful.Seven...eight....Protect that eye, kid!Get at it! Your body!You're a tank, kid.I told you.Here comes the championOne, two. One, two.But here it is. A left and a right,and he's got him back in the corner.Balboa's back in the corner.Here comes Balboa again. Where does he get that stamina?He's got the champion trapped over in the corner.Rocky!Rocky!Rocky!Keep it up! Keep it up!Come on.Break it up.I'm standing here.And they're taunting each other.The battle, the round is over.But they're taunting each other!Everybody in the audience get readyfor World War III!I ain't goin' down no more.That a boy. Go get him.Come on boys, break it up. Break it.Break it up.The champion again, with a combination of lefts and rights to the headThat was another round for Creed.Creed's just piling up the points.Hit him, Rocky!Hit him!Hit him! Just hit him!Another round for Apollo Creed.Come on, Rocky!Creed's in the corner.Left and right to the midsection. Those hurt.Hold that body.He's won another round.He now begins to pound Balboa's head.Get out!Get out!I'm gonna give that round to Balboa.You wonder what's on Apollo Creed's mind right now.He's lost his first round.Go for it, Rocky!Looks great.Come on.Come on! Hands up! Now just stick and move!This man is breaking you up inside. Stick and move!Keep your hands up.Hit him back!He took a beating 10 months ago,but tonight, it's twice as bad.Another round for the champion, Apollo Creed.The left eye is closed.Now bust him, understand? Keep working on him.Stay away from him.Don't let him breathe.Get him!Come on.God!Balboa's taking another beating in the corner.Another round for the champion.Rocky! Rocky!Now you gotta beat him on points. You understand? !Now, stick and move!He's gonna fall.Don't go for the knockout!How's that eye, now?It works!You can't do much more with that, can you?I know what I'm doing!You get in trouble one more time, I'm gonna stopPlease don't stop nothing.Let me stop it because you're getting killed!It's my life!Apollo's well ahead.All he has to do is stay away and he retains the title.Just stick and move, you understand? !Just stick and move!It ain't gonna be like last time.Switch now to southpaw anyway, will you?No tricks, I ain't switching.But you're fading out, kid.I don't need no tricks!All right! Go with the right.You got a plan, you gotta switch, kid.He's ready, believe me.Apollo, don't go for the knockout.They've come to the center of the ring for the 15th and final round.You're going down. No, no way.Here we go. Let's see what Creed does here now.Creed is starting to move in on Balboa. He's going for the knockdown.The champion comes off jabbing with that left hand. Sticking the left hand out.Now! Now!Balboa has nearly floored the champ!His left hook caught the exhausted champ off guard!Creed doesn't know where he is. It's blind instinct.Balboa is staggering from exhaustion.Apollo is barely protecting himself.A right to the head of the champion.Another right! A left to the head!Stay away from him!Balboa tries to stay away,but now it is Creed coming back. Creed with the left hand.Go for it! What're you waiting for? !What's keeping these two guys up?Now!Here comes Balboa.But the champ came back with another left!Get away from him!Where are they getting it, I don't know!A right hand! A right hand! It's Creed.Now it's Balboa!It's Creed.A tremendous,tough fight.They're sending deadness up to the ring!Rocky!Come on! Good!RockyCreed will retain the title if he's up.Then Creed will win the title automatically!Get up, my man!Get on your feet!Now Rocky Balboa reaches for another....Get up! Rocky! Get up!Balboa's trying to get upNow the champ is trying to get up.The champ can't make it! He slips down again.He is trying to get up!Get Up!The champ is still on one knee! Get up!It's over! He won! Balboa just legally did it!Rocky has shocked the world!He is the new Heavyweight Champion of the world.Ladies and gentlemen,in a stunning upset scoring the winning-point knockoutthe new Heavyweight Champion of the world, RockyYou're great.Rocky BalboaGood luck.Excuse me! Excuse me!I can't believe this has happened. I can't.And I just wanna say thanks to Apollo.For fighting me, Apollo.I wanna thank Mickey for training me....We love you, Rocky!And I love you, too!Most of all, I wanna thank God.Except for my kid being bornthis is the greatest nightin the history of my life.I just wanna say one thing to my wife who's home.Adrian, I did it!I love you. I love you.