* Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady ** You're my butterfly
Sugar, baby ** Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady ** You're my butterfly
Sugar, baby ** Such a sexy, sexy
Pretty little thing ** Fierce nipple pierce* You got me sprung
With your tongue ring ** And I ain't gonna lie 'cause
Your lovin' gets me high ** So to keep you by my side* There's nothin'
That I won't try ** Butterflies in her eyes
And looks to kill ** Time is passin' I'm asking
Could this be real? ** 'Cause I can't sleep
I can't hold still ** The only thing I really know
Is she got sex appeal ** I can feel
Too much is never enough ** You're always there
To lift me up ** When these times get rough* I was lost now I'm found Ever
since you've been around ** You're the woman that I want
So yo, I'm puttin' it down ** Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady ** You're my butterfly
Sugar, baby ** Come, my lady
You're my pretty baby ** I'll make your legs shake
You make me go crazy ** Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady ** You're my butterfly
Sugar, baby ** Come, my lady
You're my pretty baby ** I'll make your legs shake
You make me go crazy ** Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady ** You're my butterfly
Sugar, baby ** Come, my lady
You're my pretty baby ** I'll make your legs shake
You make me go crazy ** Come, my lady
Come, come, my lady *Ah...The sweet, uncomplicated
satisfactionof the younger woman.That fleeting agewhen everything just falls
right into place.It's magic time,
and it can render any mananywhere,
absolutely helpless.Some say I'm an expert
on the younger woman.Guess that's because I've been
dating them for over 40 years.So, baby,
you're rich?Well, my mother is.Sort of.
I mean, not really.If she lives within a mile
of here, she's rich.Well, I guess a hit play will
buy you a house in the Hamptons.I'd like to meet your mother.
No, you wouldn't.I mean she's great.
She's totally brilliant,but she's not your type.You're overlooking one of
the great things about me.I don't have a type.She's over 30.Oh, what?Like you don't know you have
a slight reputation for...For?For never dating
anyone over 30.It just so happens,
my dear,that women of a certain age
don't date me.You ever think
of it that way? No.It's always me.Hey.Uh-huh.I'll call back Monday.Say you couldn't find me.Who?I'll, uh, call her later.No, no, I have the number.Yeah.Make a right.
It's the second driveway on the left.Right.Wow.It's the perfect
beach house.So,what are we
gonna do out here,just the two of us,
for two whole days?Tell me the truth.Are you at all glad
we waited?Truth?No.But I'm extremely glad
we're finally gonna do...Wanna go for a swim?How long will it
take you to change?Thirty seconds.
Really?That long?Oh, Har, by the way,
no smoking in the house.My mom doesn't allow it.But she allows you to
strip in the front yard?Bring guys you're
dating here to...?She doesn't
know everything I door when I do it
or where I do it.Okay. The fabulous
two-story living room,which, I predict,
we will spendabsolutely no time in
whatsoever.It's a knockout.
Thank you.I'm very good at giving
this tour, by the way,although I've never
actually done itwhile taking
off my clothes.Uh-huh...Behind me, the requisite
Hamptons deckcomplete with
pool and ocean view.Your pants, please.Ladies first.* You know
it drives me crazy ** Then I think of you* I just go
Ooh, ooh *Ooh.* I won't deny you babyYou know, when I first started auctioneering,
someone told meif I was nervous,I should just picture the
audience in their underwear.This gives that
a whole new meaning.You're not nervous now,
are you?I'm always
a little nervous.So put on your bathing suit.I brought us some champagne.
I'll put it on ice.No, I know.
I can't do anything...Oh, God! What is this?
Okay.Okay, you stay where you are.
We have a knife.Do you live here?
Look, mister.I am gonna dial 911,
and you are not gonna move.Zoe, hand me the phone.
You don't understand.I'm your daughter's friend.
Yeah, I don't think so.My daughter is
in the city.And you, what, you like wander in here,
high on ecstasy?Honestly, if you'd just... No!
Just stay there.I was in the Israeli army.
I can break you in half.Hello. Yes! Yes, I have
an intruder in my house.29 Daniels Lane,
Sagaponack...I'm dating
your daughter, Marin.She invited me here
for the weekend.She's in her room
right now, changing.You're dating my daughter?Now, who would have thought
that would be worse news?Ah!Uh, yeah, sorry.
False alarm.No, he's not
a burglar.He's dating my daughter.Mom, I had no idea you were
coming out this weekendbecause you said
you had to write.Well, I do, honey,
but I thought I would do it out here.I'm an idiot, I should have told
you I was bringing someone out.I'm sorry.
I should've told you we were coming.Obviously.
Anyway, here we are.Hello, I'm the mother.Harry Sanborn.
How are you?Oh, God, sorry.
This is my friend Harry.Harry, my mom, Erica.
My aunt Zoe.Sorry about that.We just totally
spur-of-the-momentdecided to just get out of
the city for a couple days.Mm-hm,
Good, that's good.Um, honey, does, uh,
Harry have a robe?You know what?I think I should
just take off,let you gals enjoy
your weekend and...Ah. What?Um...No, no! Oh, I'm sorry.Of course, don't do that.
That's silly.Zoe and I will leave
and you and Harry stay.And, um, Harry.I'm sorry. I apologize
about the near arrest.Oh. You were very impressive.
Very strong.Very, uh...macho.Well, I don't think
I was exactly macho.Trust me, if I ever catch
a guy in his underwearin my refrigeratorI hope I'm half the man
you were, Mrs. uh...Mrs. uh...
Right, okay. Whatever.All righty, then,
I'm definitely gonna hit the road.Ladies,
sensational meeting you.Doll...Give me a call.
Hold on, hold on,let's not get so dramatic here.
What are we, four teenagers?We're sophisticated people.Why don't we all just
stay for the weekend.Your mother has work to do,
I have papers to grade.You'll do your thing,
whatever that may be,and if we wanna
hang out together,we'll hang out together.
If we don't, we don't.There's no reason we should all
give up this spectacular weekend.Seriously.I can handle it.
I can totally handle it.I mean, well,
I can handle it.Bonjour, Madame Barry.
Bonjour, Annie.Impressive.She started taking
French lessonsafter she and my dad
split up.Part of her "keep busy,
don't look back" program.Now she's practically fluent.
Marin!Hm?Okay.
Not bad.Well, yeah.
I am fluent.I'll be right back.It's an epidemic.Buy some things.How about
pasta salad?We had that last night.We did? I don't remember.
Sure. Yeah!Why don't we
get a spread and put it on.Merci, madam.Merci.Oh, sorry.Sorry about that.My fault.
No. It's fine, it's fine.So, Harry,
what do you do?I'm one of the owners of a record company,
among other things.Really,
which record company?Drive-By Records.Drive-By Records?Is that a joke?I mean, what is that?It's a hip-hop label.Hip-hop?Oh, rap. Right, right.
Well, that's, uh, interesting.Let me see if I get
where you're headed here.I'm sorry,
but look,I hate rap. I do.
I really do.It's just sort of crude
and violent for my tastenot to mention
just a tad misogynistic.Hey, some people
see rap as poetry.Yeah, but come on,
how many wordscan you rhyme
with "bitch"?Next, please.How we doing?Should have left when she
tried to arrest me.So, Mom,
how's the new play?Are you getting
happy with it?Well, you know the thing
about me.I'm 90 percent hard work,
10 percent talent.And so far, the talent part
hasn't exactly kicked in yet.Uh-huh. Right.What's your play about?
About?Well, I'm not exactly sure,
which is a bit of a problem.But so far, it's about
a divorced woman, a writer.She's this high-strung,
over-amped, controlling,know-it-all neurotic...Who's incredibly
cute and lovable.Mm-hm.It's a comedy.So...how did you two meet?At a wine auction
at Christie's.Harry was the big buyer
of the night.I kept raising my paddle just
to get her to smile at me.Before I knew it,
I bought the entire collection.I mean, every known bottle
of Chateau Margaux.After that,
the least she could dowas share a bottle
with me.Ever been married, Harry?No.No, I haven't.
Mom.Wow. Now, why
do you think that is?Well, some people just
don't fit the mold,and so far, you know...Hey, if it ain't broke...Exactly.
Wait a second.Aren't you like
a famous bachelor?Well, I wouldn't say
I'm famous.Yeah, didn't I read an article
about you in New York magazine?I guess some people
find it interestingthat I've escaped
the noose for so long.That was the title of the article,
"The Escape Artist."I read that article.
That was you?Well, you were once engaged
to someone really big.Who was it?
Joan Collins? No. No.Wait a minute okay,
Carly Simon?Yeah, somebody
cool like that.Somebody like that.
Not Martha Stewart.No! Not Martha Stewart! No.
You could just ask him.No, this is more fun.It's like I'm not here.Harry was once
engaged to Diane Sawyer.What?
Right.Diane Sawyer.
I love her.I'm impressed.
Yeah.Women your age
love that about me.You know what I mean.
Yes, I do.I mean, it's not a bad thing
to say, "women your age."Oh, no. I'm sure
it was a compliment.It's just, uh...An accurate
observation. It's...So when was this?The engagement?
Long time ago.She was this adorable,
lanky girl from Kentuckywith the greatest pair of
legs I have ever seen.Never understood her
ending upon a job where
she never showed them.You can't be serious.I mean,
she's Diane Sawyer.She goes into caves
in Afghanistanwith a shmatte on her head.
Who cares about her legs?You know what?I hate to eat
and run, but...No!
No, wait. No.Come on. This is
really fascinating,what's going on
at this table.Zoe teaches women's studies
at Columbia.Okay. So this
is gonna hurt.No. Look,
let's take you and Erica for example. Zoe...Harry, you've been around the
block a few times. Am I right?What are you,
around 60?Sixty-three!Fantastic!Never married,
which, as we know,if you were a woman,
would be a curse.You'd be an old maid, a spinster.
Blah, blah, blah.So instead of pitying you,
they write articles about you.Celebrate your
never marrying.You're elusive and ungettable,
a real catch.Then, there's my
gorgeous sister here.No, wait. What...?
Look, please...No, this is interesting.Look at her.
She is so accomplished.The most successful female
playwright since who?Lillian Hellman?She's over 50, divorced,
and she sits in night after night after nightbecause available guys
her age want something...Forgive me
for saying this honey,but they want somebody
that looks like Marin.So, the whole over-50
dating scene is gearedtowards men leaving
older women out.And as a result,the women become more
and more productive.and therefore,
more and more interesting.Which, in turn, makes
them even less desirablebecause as we know, men,especially older men,
are threatened and deathly afraidof productive and interesting women.
It is just so clear.Single older women
as a demographicare about as fucked a group
as can ever exist.Oh, God!What are you, possessed?How could you
say those things?It seemed really obvious to me,
the injustice of it.Thank God men
die younger than us.It's the only break we get.
Then you know what?Write a dissertation on it.But don't announce
to the worldthat I stay in
night after nightafter night...
And by the way, one "night after night"would have been enough.Did you ever realize that I
stay in as a part of my job?And why do you think I married
the director of my plays?He was the only man
I ever saw.And anyway,
I like staying in,and I like this time
in my life.Why do I have to
defend myself?I was married
for 20 years. I'm done.What the hell was that?I'm sorry, I thought
I was onto something.Honey, what are you doing
with this guy?He's old.
He's chauvinistic.He's fun.
He's fun?I mean, how is he fun?
He's, like, wrong.Yeah, wrong can be fun.
No. Not this wrong.He's actually incredibly
smart and fascinating.If you talked to him
about somethingother than
his marital statusyou would have found out
how smart he is,he owns, like,
10 different companies.What does that mean,
he owns 10 different companies?It means he can't commit.
That's what it means.Not that, God forbid,
I want him to commit.Oh, yeah, that I get.Anyway, he said
he thought you twowere very spontaneous
and nice.And then he said he's leaving
as soon as the sun comes up.What, his car doesn't
have headlights?Wait a minute.I have no right
to get this nuts.I'm sorry.He's your friend,
he's not mine.I'm sorry
and love you.I love you more.No chance in hell
he said we were nice.Please. None.* I've been
really trying baby *What are they
listening to?I don't care.* For so longMarvin Gaye?
Uh-huh.* And if you feel
Like I feel ** Let's get it onOw!Will you stop that?* Let's get it onThat's disgusting, Zoe.
Stop it!There.Ahh!I know she'll never see him after this
weekend. She can't commit either.He does sound fun.Admit it. He's got something.
You felt it, right?Okay, this is nuts.Mom!Did she say, "Mom"?Mom, hurry!
Ah!Mom!I don't know what happened.
We were fooling around.And then he just said he felt funny,
then he just collapsed.Harry, what is it?I'm okay. I'm fine.Does your chest hurt?It's like an elephant's
sitting on it.Call 911, tell them
to send an ambulance.Marin, now!Oh, my God!
What are you doing?Mouth-to-mouth.Oh, you fucking guy.Yes, we need an ambulance
right away, please!29 Daniels Lane,
Sagaponack.Come on, Harry! Look at me!
Look at me, Harry!9, 10, 11, 12...* Life can be* Ooh ooh oohWe got him.
Apparent cardiac arrest.Sinus check, 120.BP?
150 over 95.41. Right here?
On three.All right.
Careful.We've already
got a line in.Switch over to monitors.
How we doing here?Doc, he's had 30 minutes
of chest pain,nausea, shortness
of breath.Pulse, 104.
Respiration's 18.Let's get a CBC, CMB,
cardiac panel and 12-lead EKG.Yes, Doctor.
Mr. Sanborn, I'm Dr. Mercer.Are you in any pain
right now?I feel some pressure
in my chest.It's real tight.You show me where the pain is.
Right here.What were you doing
when the pain started?I was kissing
a beautiful woman.Were you
having intercourse?Unfortunately, no.Sense of humor intact.
Yeah.Give him an aspirin, metoprolol,
5 milligrams, hang a nitro drip.Mr. Sanborn?
Yeah.Your EKG shows
you have a blocked arterywhich is not allowing
enough oxygento get to the heart muscle.I'm having a heart attack?We're gonna stop it,
but I need to know what medications you take.I take Lipitor.
Chew this.Anything else?And a white one
for blood pressure.And what about Viagra?Mr. Sanborn, did you take
any Viagra today?Mr. Sanborn?
No.No Viagra.Okay, good,
just need to be sure.Because I put nitroglycerin
into your drip.And if you had taken Viagra,
the combination could be fatal.Your dad's gonna be okay.
He's not my dad.Oh, I'm sorry.
Your granddad's gonna be okay.Oh, thank you so much.We're not related.He's a friend.
Sorry.I'm Dr. Mercer.Mr. Sanborn did have
a mild heart attack.I gave him something to dissolve
the clot in his artery,and it worked beautifully.He's very lucky.Another half-hour,
I don't, uh...I don't know
if this would have worked.This was very intense.He's doing great.
Yeah.I gave him something
to help him sleep.It might make him
a little loopy at firstbut then it, uh,
it should knock him out.You're Mrs. Sanborn? No!
Oh, no. No, I'm just...No, I'm Erica Barry.He was having dinner
at our house.I just met him
this afternoon.You're Erica Barry?Yes.
The playwright?Yes.What a pleasure.
I'm a huge fan.Really?
Huge fan.Thank you.Wow!Thanks.Thank you, Doctor.Erica. Green tea.
Oh! That's hot.Thank you.
You're welcome. May I?Yeah.
Yeah, sure. Yeah.This is very
sweet of you.First year of medical school
you learn what can keep you upall night
without making you nuts.You know I heard you had
a house in the Hamptons.Huh?
I really am a big fan.I think I've seen every play
you've ever written.I think some were written
before your time.I mean, there's some
Marin's never even seen.No, I'm pretty sure
I've seen them all.And I saw
the last one twice.Julian,
we've got a walk-in may need stitches.Okay, thanks.I'll check on Mr. Sanborn.If he's asleep,
you all might want to get some shuteye.Come back in the morning.Great to meet you, Erica.
Ladies.Okay.Now, that's
the perfect guy for you.He's adorable!Mother,
I've never seen a man less interested in me.Or more
interested in you.Me?He's 30 years old.
No, he's older than that.Who cares how old he is?
I mean, he's not my type.He's a gorgeous
wholesome doctor.But he's perfect for you.
And he's hot for you.Which makes him
really perfect.Okay, stop it.He likes my work,
he doesn't like me.I would never...Shut up.
Uh-oh!Oh, God, is he all right?
Harry!Harry, over here.Honey, I wanna go home.
Can you call Leo...?Harry! You've got
to get back into bed.Woman, you saved
my life.Get a nurse.
Nurse! Nurse!I thank you
from the bottom of my...Even unconscious,
he's a letch!Get off!
You shouldn't be standing.There.It's all right.
Thank you.I gotta take a whiz,
girls.We'll take care of that for you,
Mr. Sanborn.Okay, I'd like
to see that.Okay, here we go.I'd love to see that.Somebody better get it.
Somebody better get it.Now, what can I do you for?I'm here to pick up
Harry Sanborn.Hi, I'm Dr. Mercer.
Come on, I'll take you to him.And you are?I'm Leo Hoffman,
I'm Harry's personal assistant.Do a little chef,
a little driving, party planning.whatever the man needs.It sounds like a pretty
interesting job.I'm going on six years
and never a dull moment.Okay, Harry,
looks like we're gonna have to let you go.Ooh...Take it easy, kids.I just, uh...Sat up a little too fast.Doc, tell them.
Am I in good shape?How were my tests
this morning?He's doing extremely well.Can I hug him?
Absolutely.Yeah. Okay.Okay. Okay.Let's not get goofy.We got nothing
but good news here.Knock, knock.Hi.
Hey.I'll catch you on the way out.
Thanks a lot, Doc.So...I'm some great date, huh?Whew!
Yeah, Mr. Excitement.Tell me something.We haven't actually
had sex yet, have we?No.We haven't.
You're correct on that one.Something to live for.Down to the cheek.Hold on Tarzan, we're still moving.
Slowly.Hey, I...Harry, I'm sorry but I can't
let you travel quite yet.I ain't going back
in there.Well, I can't put you
in a car right now,and I can't leave you
in the parking lot.I won't sue you,
if that's what you think.I'll sign
whatever you like.Just...let me go back
to the city.Here's my best offer.I won't put you back in the
hospital if you promise to staynearby for a few days.
Get a nurse.Let me keep an eye on you until
we get your strength back.Stay nearby.Doc, where do you
suggest I go?* He feel it, she feel it
We feel it ** Here we goSomebody please explain to me how
I ended up babysitting this guy?This is the best turkey sandwich
I've ever had in my life.You're not even
listening to me.I am. Don't get all pissy.I come here
for peace and quiet.And suddenly,
I'm a character in a Kaufman and Hart play.And the phone
doesn't stop.And it's never for me.Sorry to interrupt.No, that's fine, Leo.
I'll take it.No, it's okay...
No, no, I'll take it.I don't mind washing them.
Okay.How you doing?The man doesn't know my name,
and I'm doing his dishes.I said I'll take it back
tomorrow, okay? Great.I'll take care of it.
Just one second. Hi, Erica?Where shall I put this?
Right here. I'll take it.Great, listen,
Harry has a bad headache.Do you have any Tylenol?
Tylenol...That'd be great.
Extra strength would be fantastic.Hi, I'm Tania.Hi.
Harry's second assistant.Dave Klein, her assistant.
Nice to meet you.Nice to meet you.
Thank you. Appreciate it."What should I do
with this?"It's an empty water glass.
What are the choices?Okay, I'm getting
out of your hair.So you're not ready
to show me any new pages?Dave.
I'm not putting any pressure on you.I'm just asking.
Dad!I didn't know
you were here.Just on my way out,
bubby.Well, I was just gonna drive
back to the city with Zoe,but if you're going,
I'd much rather go with you.Actually, I have someone
to meet before I go.Wait, wait. Wait,
wait, wait, wait.You're leaving?
Zoe's leaving?The entourage
is leaving?I'm gonna be stuck
here with him, alone?The hospital's
sending over a nursefirst thing
in the morning.In the morning?That's, like,
19 hours from now.Okay, I can handle this.I'll just get myself
into a Zen place.Play music.
Cook. Write. Focus.Thank you.Well, four mai tais at lunch
is a bit much for anybody.Hi.Um...Can I call you right back,
doll, huh? Thank you.Hey.What's up?
Okay, here's the thing.I really don't want
to play the partof the uptight nurse
to your bad-boy patient.If you want to have another
heart attack, you go ahead,it's your life,
but I have work to doand I don't have time to make
another run to the hospitalbecause you're filling your already
clogged arteries with smoke.But more importantlyI'd rather not have
my freshly painted housesmell like a pool hall.Have you always been like this,
or do I bring it out in you?Just, you know.I don't think I've ever had
this effect on a woman before.What effect do you think
you're having on me?I don't quite recognize it.That's how I know
I never had it before.So, uh,
you don't sleep?I only need about
four hours a night.Me too.I never slept eight hours
in my life.Me either.
I wish I could.Do you want me
to shut these?The sun comes in pretty
strong in the morning.Sure.
So, Harry...Who were you talking to
at this hour?A friend in L.A.It's only 10:00
on the coast.And that's not
past her bedtime?So you don't get more
mellow as the hours pass?Good night, Harry.Can I ask you
one other thing?What's with
the turtlenecks?It's the middle of summer.
Now, seriously...why do you care
what I wear?Just curious.I like them.
I've always liked them,and I'm just
a turtleneck kind of gal.You never get hot?No.
Never?Not lately.Finally.Okay, okay.Holy...!Oh, God!Oh! Ow!Oh, I'm sorry.Oh, God, am I sorry.What are you doing?!I was just trying
to find the kitchen!What? Back here?I got confused.And it was dark
and, uh...I didn't really
see anything.Just...Just your tits.And a little...Goodbye, Mrs. Barry.
Goodbye?You're leaving?
Oh, no, that's not good.Been fired. Fired?
No, you just started.Not fired, darling.
Just not needed.Not needed? Wait,
what are you talking about?Of course she's needed.
We need her.Oh, no.
I'm actually feeling pretty perky today.Making quite a comeback.Sorry for your trouble, Mrs. Gimble.
Take care, dear.You've been wonderful.Listen,
about last night...Yeah, how about we never
talk about that, okay?Anyway,
I was at the drugstore.Your prescriptions
were ready.They said to take these two with food,
this one without.You were in silhouette.Yeah, I think that's
talking about it.I really didn't see
all that much.Yep, there you go.Okay, I won't
mention it again, but...Going to work, Harry.
Hey!You saw my ass.
You don't see me acting nutsand wearing glasses
and hats and weird outfits!Yes or no?What's the deal?Can I go?
You still getting dizzy?Not as much.
Out of breath?Only sometimes.
Good.How's Erica treating you?
Who?Erica.Oh, her.She is a major
piece of work.Doc, the woman wears turtlenecks
in the middle of the summer.She's beyond uptight.Almost makes her fun
to be around.Uptight? That's funny,
I haven't noticed that.Try living with her.I actually saw her
naked last night.That doesn't sound so uptight.
It was an accident.She thought
I was asleep,I thought her room
was the kitchen.You know what Freud said,
"There are no accidents."Trust me.
This was an accident.Although, why would she
be walking around nakedwhen she knows
I'm 20 feet away?Why would you think
her bedroom was a kitchen?It was dark.
It was 2:00 in the morning.That could explain why
she was walking around naked.Deep breath.You know, I've never seen a
woman that age naked before.You're kidding.Hey, we're not
all doctors, baby.I think she's
very beautiful.And she's a fantastic
writer, you know.No, I don't know.She's pretty major.So you date her daughter?
Okay.Now, she's a great chick.Must take
after her father.Which reminds me.
Doc...What about
Mr. Midnight, here?When can I be up and running
in that department?I think Mr. Midnight
needs to stay putfor another
couple of weeks.But it won't kill me
when I do it, right?No, it's exercise.
It'll be good for you.After a heart attack,
rule of thumb is:If you can climb a flight of stairs,
you can have sex.* You can get it
If you really want ** But you must try
Try and try *So you're saying he can't travel at all?
Not even by plane?Train?
I don't think so.Been tough, huh?Well, I mean, he fired
his nurse after an hour,and now says
he doesn't even need one.He's a bit of a workout.
Yeah. How are you holding up?Me?
You.Well, I'm, uh...I'm fine. Fine.One more "fine"
and I won't believe you.Wait, where's my...?Thank you.
You're welcome.Hello?Hey!Hey, hi.
I know, I'm sorry.I haven't been able
to get back.No...Part of the play
takes place in Parisso I keep listening
to French music,hoping to get inspired.
No, it's not helping at all.Well, I'm trying.It's not exactly flowing out
of me yet, but...Pick you up
around 7:00?Oh.So, uh, what about
the patient?Like he said,
he doesn't need a nurse.I'm walking
around the house!Oh, no.Hi.Listen, I've decided to get over that whole
"you saw me naked" thing.So let's just not deal
with it anymore. Okay?Good,because I have been hiding
from you all day.Do you want to come in?Well, uh, I don't want to break
your rhythm or anything like that.That would be
wishful thinking.Nice painting.So I'm gonna venture out there
and go for a short walk.You up to that? Yeah.
My doctor recommended it.I gotta build up to climbing
stairs and stuff like that.You wouldn't want
to join me?That means you
don't want me to?No. I was asking
if you wanted to.Oh, yeah I would,
of course I would,but I usually
don't like to breakonce I've started writing,
so I shouldn't.I mean, not that a little
fresh air would hurt.It's just a walk, Erica,
not a marriage proposal.You know my name.
Erica Jane Barry.I looked you up
on the Internet.Do you know that there are over
8000 websites that mention you?That's not possible.
Yeah, it's true.I know everything
about you now,and not because
of last night.Yeah, no, no.
I understood.Actually,
I looked you up too.You did?
Uh-huh. Yeah.I knew you grew up in L.A.,
which I thought nobody did.You started your own record label at 29,
very impressive.Sold it at 40,
even more impressive.Then you started a magazine,
dabbled in the Internetand then you invested
in a small record companywhich you turned
into the second largesthip-hop label
in the world.It's exhausting
just hearing about it.Yeah, I know.
I know, but...The truth is,
it goes by fast, doesn't it?Like the blink of an eye.
Yeah.Look at this.I notice that you have bowls
of those all over your house.I know.
It's so crazy, I know.But I just think
they're beautiful.But why do you only
pick up the white ones?What do you mean?
I don't pick up only the white ones.So you really are crazy.I know. I only pick up
the white ones. Oh, God.What does that mean?
That I'm controlling?Unadventurous? What?So you're as hard
on yourselfas you are on
everyone else.Something
to remember me by.Can I ask you
something, Harry?Yeah, sure.
Go ahead, shoot.What's with all
the young girls?I mean, what's the
story there? Really?Just like to travel light.You just like
to travel...? Oh, God!I'm sorry,
but what does that mean?Now, see,
a 30-year-old gets that.You mean,
falls for it.I mean, accepts it.
Acceptance is key.Okay, if that's what you want,
a non-threatening womanwho doesn't get your number,
you get to run the show...I think our relationship
is growing, by the way.Have you noticed?
I'm serious.Maybe we just need
to get out of the house.Now, you may notice,
interestingly,we're walking back
toward the houseand it's getting
a little rocky again.Of course it's getting rocky.
We're talking about you.See, I'll accept
that slight hostilitybecause I'm enjoying
your company so much.Okay...Are you okay?Yeah, yeah,
but, uh...I think I'll stay down here
and watch the sun set.You interested?
Ringside seat.Well...um...Big dinner date?Yeah, as a matter of fact,
with your doctor.Oh, my doctor.Wait a minute.Because he's
not too young for you?No, he's totally
too young for me!But we're just having dinner,
it is absolutely not a date.Does he know that?
I'm gonna tell him.But I doubt he thinks
of it that way.I doubt that
you doubt it.Anyway, you may like it.
Think of it this way.He's non-threatening,
won't get your number,you get to run the show...
That is so unfair!Trust me.
Could be a great night.Look who's
answering the door.And look who's
at the door.I brought you something.A heart-healthy dinner
from our cafeteria.Why, thank you.Hello.You look beautiful.
Thank you.Hi, it's Marin.
I'm not in right now,so leave a message
and I'll call you back.It's me.Just sitting around,
looking at your baby pictures.Thinking of you.Hi! You've reached
Brooke and Shannon.For Brooke, push 1.
For Shannon, push 2.Everybody is out
but old Har.Old,old,old,old Har.Top of the heap.Julian,
can I ask you something?Anything.How old are you?I'm 36.So I am,
like almost 20 years older than you.That's an enormous amount of
years to be older than somebody,don't you think?Don't think
it matters at all.Ah-ha. You don't?
I don't.Okay, but...But in terms of us,
I mean you just...You just want us
to be friends, right?Honestly? No.So, what do you
want to be?I think I'd embarrass
you if I told you.I was embarrassed just
getting dressed to see you.This may surprise you,
but some women consider me quite the guy.Uh-huh.
I've never been married, I'm a doctor.You wouldn't believe what
catnip that is for some women.Oh, yes, I would.
It's just...Don't you like girls
your own age?I do, but I've never met one
I've reacted to...quite like this.And, uh, when something
happens to youthat's never happened
to you beforedon't you have to at least
find out what it is?I suppose.
I mean, I don't know.This is an area that's
a little tricky for me.See, I don't really date all
that much or all that well.Come on.
You must beat them away with a stick.You're kidding, right?
No.No! Men my age,
or at least the ones I've met, well...Look, I'm not that
regular of a person,and they really...
they like regular.Men your age
may be really stupid.Did you ever
think of that?Yes, I have.
Many times.I knew you'd smell good.It's just soap.Erica...
What?you're incredibly sexy.
No.Swear to God, I'm not.I'm back!Have fun?It was interesting.Good night, Harry.Night.Just get rid of that.
That's good."Harry37.
What are you doing?"Harry37?"What are you doing?"Writing. Hi.
What are you doing?Of course.
Relentless.Watching Joan Rivers
sell jewelry."So was your date a date?"Yeah, I think so....dinner.I don't understand how
he knows everything....in the kitchen?...PJ's.In her PJ's."Pajama party."Oh, man.We are cute.Yeah, well, this is
pretty unusual for me.I'm not used
to having sleepovers.Me either.Really?
With your social life, huh?My dear,
you're confusing sex with sleeping.Sleeping is something
that I prefer to do alone.Okay. Good to know.What are you hungry for?
What are my choices?I mean, I know you thinkI'm not very discriminating
when it comes to...Oh, please. What difference does
it make what I think of you?I can't even imagine
what you think of me.Okay. Pancakes, pasta,
leftover coq au vin.Grilled cheese?
Pancakes.Ah! Totally what I wanted.You ever miss
being married?Bet you were great at it.
Sometimes.Yeah. At night. But not
that much anymore.Was one of us just saying
something interesting?You said you can't imagine
what I think of you.Oh! Yeah, that. You don't
have to answer that.Okay.I mean, if you had an opinion,
I'd be curious.Will you tell me first why you
only miss being married at night?Well,
the phone doesn't ring that much at nightand the whole alone thing
happens at night.Sleeping by myself
took some getting used to,but I got the hang of it.You gotta sleep
in the middle of the bed.It's not absolutely
not healthy to have a sidewhen no one has
the other side.Now I'm convinced that what
I think about you is right.You're a tower of strength.Try not to rate my answer.I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry, but...You know
what you're like?You're like one
of those great portraitsyou see over a fireplace.Words have been invented
to describe women like you.Such as?Flinty.And...Impervious.So you think I'm inhuman?No. I think
you're formidable.Yeah, cold, distant,
like I'm frozen in some painting?Not at all.But I do think that
you use your strengthto separate yourself
from everyone.But it's thrilling when
your defenses are downand you're not isolated.That, I believe,
is your winning combo.Killer combo, actually.You know, I can't decide if,
oh, God, do you hate me?Or if, uh...you're like the only person
who ever really got me.I don't hate you.You don't?
No.Mom?Surprise!
Well...Hi!
Room service.Honey, what are you
doing here at this hour?Well, I had this
big benefit tonight.And then I went out
with a bunch of friends,then I checked
my messagesand I got this so sad
phone call from Harry.So bored out here, so I figured I should
come up and see how you're doing.Thank you so much for the gorgeous flowers,
by the way.They're so huge.It's a pleasure.Oh, that is so sweet.
You guys are making pancakes?You're both in your PJ's!
I feel like I'm interrupting!Don't be silly.
You know I never sleep.This one
doesn't sleep either.Ooh.Hello?No, I'm here, babe.
I made record time.Is everybody still there?Okay.Yes.Okay, bye.Mar?
Yeah.Now that you're here,
why don't you just finish the pancakesand I'll get back to work.Mom, I just got here.By the way, Dad totally
stood me up today.I was supposed to have
lunch with him at Barney'sand he just
never showed up.Was he always like this?
Honey, I don't know.See, that's happens when
a couple gets divorced.The kid inherits all the
problems. Not that I'm a kid.So, hey. How are you?
How are you feeling?Well...So tell me.
When can you go home?I really am gonna
do a little work,and so why don't you
just finish thisand you two catch up and, uh,
you know how to fix these.You don't want
pancakes anymore?Oh, I don't.No. I don't.I'm breaking up
with Harry.What do you mean? Why?Because I met
someone else.In the two days
you've been gone?You know me,
my life's crazy.I meet a thousand
new people every day.Besides, let's face it.He's insanely
too old for me.I'd be nuts to keep
this thing going.True.But you know, he's...I know. He's soulful
when you don't expect it.Oh, my God.
It's unnerving!Now, Mom, listen.I was thinking,
if you could handle this:You and Harry.I can't handle it,
wouldn't want to handle it.You're only saying that
because you thinkthat he and I
have had sex.Shut...
Lower your voice!Haven't you?Never, not even close,
I swear to God.Now I'm just
putting this out therebecause for two people who are
convinced they've got life beatthere was
something cookingin the kitchen last night
other than pancakes.Hello?
I've waited a reasonableamount of hours
before calling youeven though you've been on my
mind since I woke up at 5:15.I'm wondering when we
could have dinner again?I have to work
the next few nights.If we wait till next week,
I know you'll chicken out.So how's Friday?
I know it's like a date night,but I think
that's a good thing.Who is this?I'm kidding.Funny.Can you meet me
at The Grill at 8:00?Okay. Yes. Seems fine.I look forward
to seeing you too.He's all yours. Stop that.
How'd he take it?He just took care of it
for me. He was an ace.Elegant.He said our fate
was to be friends.Oh, my God.Oh, my God, he was breaking up with me.
I didn't even...He's a genius.That's not possible.
He wouldn't.He absolutely did.
And you know what?It doesn't matter,
because we're doneand we both feel
fine about it. Okay?Clean slate.I gotta go.Oh, okay.Now, Erica.
Huh?Try to think of thisas the absolute smartest thing
you've ever done for yourself.What is going on?
Oh, my God.Oh...Ooh.Candles?Romantic.* My love must be a kind
Of blind love ** I can't see anyone* But you* Shoo bop shoo bopI'm sorry, I...For what?I just kissed you, and I...
No, honey.I kissed you.Mmm.I know that one
was me.Try not to keep score.Soft lips.I'm so glad
they still work.I haven't used them for
kissing in such a long time.More like for, you know,
wearing lipstickand whistling and...Mmm!Well, well.Now look who's got
something that works.And you didn't even
take any Viagra...Kiss me before
you make it go away.This could be world-class
interesting.Having any doubts?Yes.Me too.But so farthe kissing
is spectacular.I'm not grading you, I'm just mentioning it.
Like...Like, brilliant.I can't get past
your damn turtleneck.Cut it off. Please.Please!Cut it off.Please.Aren't you full of surprises?
Yeah.Yeah.Yes.You're beautiful.Open your eyes
so I know you hear me.Beautiful.What about birth control?Menopause.Who's the lucky boy?Okay. Okay.I think we should take
your blood pressure.My blood pressure?I think it's
irresponsible not to.Nobody but you would stop...
Yeah, so you're lucky.Oh, God, I can't...
I can't see.My glasses.
Okay.120/80! Oh, baby!Oh, my God.I do like sex.You certainly do.Wow!Oh, God.So this is what you're supposed
to do on a rainy afternoon, huh?I really thought I wassort of closed up
for business.I never expected this.Nothing's ever
surprised me more.This is crazy.I can't remember
the last time I cried. I...I think I'm overwhelmed.Me too.That's the perfect word.Baby, I had sex three daysafter a heart attack,
and I didn't die.That's gotta be
some kind of a record.Yeah.Let's just not brag about
this to your doctor, okay?Honey.I may not be many things,
but one thing I am is discreet.Yeah.Erica?
Hm?Erica.Yeah?Erica?You know I'm not good
at being monogamous, right?Monogamous?Please.
I hardly know you.But why Paris?I just always wanted to write
a play that ended there.People need romance
like that,and if someone
like me doesn't write itwhere are they gonna
get it? Real life?Excuse me?What do you call this?Eating eggs
by candlelight,in our robes,after, uh...Sorry.So where do you like
to eat in Paris?Oh, I love this bistro
called The Grand Colbert.It's behind
the Palais-Royal.It's the best roast chicken
in the universe.You'd be fun
to go to Paris with.It is the best city
to stay up all night in.Hey, when is
your birthday?February.
Well, mine's January.So how about
if we still know each otherby then, we go to Parisfor our birthdays,
huh?Maybe.You just said...
You know something,I have no idea
how to do this.I don't know how to be
intimate but not intimate. Oy.The color is draining
from your face.Okay, I'm gonna pee, take one
of your blood-pressure pillsand when I get back,
let's not talk anymore.Oh, God!Erica.You're the funniest girl
I ever had sex with.Well, that's something.Honey...Hm?I think I should
go back to my room.Let you get some sleep.
Let me sleep?Yeah.Right.You usually send
the girls home.But I am home.Okay.Well, I'm an old dog,
you know?Hey.It's perfectly...
Whatever.This was...This was a...great night...for me.Me too.Yeah?At one point,I even thought...soul mates.Good night.Oh...Hm?I'd like to try
sleeping with you.Oh, my God!Hi.What time
do you think it is?Can you see this?Not really.
It looks like it says11:00?It is 11:00.
It is?No way. It can't be.Oh, my God, that would mean
we slept eight hours?Impossible.
Yeah.Oh, Nellie.A little dizzy.Oh, no. Okay,
now, you just...You just stay still. Here.
Here's the clicker.You know you have a doctor's
appointment in an hour.I'll make us some coffee,
get you your pillswhip us up
some French toast.I have the best
maple syrup ever.Erica.Huh?You are a woman to love."You are...""You are a woman to love."What the hell does
that mean?Okay, buddy, your echo
looks real good.I'm sending you
back to the city.Past few days
have done wonders for you.Yeah, I've been working
on that stair thing.I can do it,
by the way.Do what?Climb a flight
of stairs.Several times,
actually.Way to go.So, uh, how's Erica?Erica, as it turns outis an amazing woman.She's just...
Well, that's wonderful.I think she's wonderful.I think she's wonderful too.Give her my best.Julian?Thank you...for everything.You're gonna be okay.I am?This is the second time
I've done this.I get overcome or something.
It's so out of the blue.It's common
to become emotionalafter having an episode
like you've had.Everything takes on
a new meaning.So it's not crazy for a guy
to do somethingso totally out of character
after having a heart attack.You mean like crying?Yeah.And completely
changing their taste.Like, suddenly...really liking something
that you never thoughtthat you could ever like.Ever.It's unnerving.I think you can expect just
about anything right now.People have done
some wild thingsafter having
a heart attack.But most people go back
to being themselves, right?I'm gonna go back
to being me...aren't I?We'll see.Here you go.You can have
these back now.I confiscated them
on your first night here.Thank you, darling.
Try not to smoke them.And I packed you
a sandwich,just in case
your blood sugar got lowand some of that
ice tea you like,and a non-fat,
low-cholesterol cookie and a peach.What a doll.Got something else?Something to
remember me by.There is that.
And, hey...we'll always have Paris.Bad joke.Honey?
Yeah?No words can ever
express my gratitudefor taking me inand taking care
of me and...Hey. Your heart attackcould be the best thing
that ever happened to me.I love ya.
I love you too.If that's what you said.I don't know if
it ends in a "ya"if it's an official
"I love you," but...You're not
like anybody.I knew you'd call.
Who? It's me.What's wrong?
I had breakfast with Dad this morningand we're talking,
and he starts looking all weirdand then he tells mehe met someone three weeks ago,
that it's really something.And then he...He tells me
he's getting married.Why am I reacting this way?
I'm almost 30 years old.Wait, wait. Who is he marrying?
I don't know.Some chick he met
three weeks ago.She's two years
older than me.She's an ear, nose and throat doctor.
Has he lost his mind?Honey...I have this huge auction
tonight and I'm really upset.My shrink's away
for two weeks.Can you come in?
I know you're working, but just, please?Look, I get that he has
a right to get remarried,but he doesn't
even know her.And she's like my age.
Do you know what that's like?That's, like,
beyond creepy.It's not like I think he's replacing me.
I know he isn't.And I know I'm too old
to act like this, it's nuts.First of all,
please don't smoke.If he is replacing anyone,
it's me, not you.And all the statistics say that
divorced men almost always remarry.It's just the way
they're built.Wanna know the answer to
the big mystery of my life?Why I'm always
with the wrong guy?This is why.
Because the wrong guy can't do this to you.This is my big fear,
that some guy can get meunglued like this.
And this is just Dad!We know this about me.I am just not cut out
for this kind of drama.I think it's the drama in
life that makes you strong.You always say things
to me like this.You never understand that
everyone isn't like you.Well...You know, I'm sorry,
but if I were you,and my ex-husband,
the man I still allow to directall my plays,
were getting remarriedto some 33-year-old ear,
nose and throat babe,I'd be bonkers.
And look at you.You never looked better,
by the way.Oh, well...Marin, we're all set.I gotta go sell $40 million
worth of art.Mom, can you do one other
really big thing for me?Just say yes, just...Please?
Anything, bubby.I need you to come
out to dinner tonightwith me,
Dad and the fiancee.Absolutely not. No.
Mom, you have to.Hey. You have to.Yes, because he wants me to meet her.
I can't go alone.I already asked them
if you could come,and he said it'd be fine.
And she said it was fine.You're gonna have
to meet her too anyway,so we might as well
do it together.Come on. Please?You know
you can handle it.Well...Okay, that's it.
You see that look on your face?That's the gene
I didn't get.Good evening,
and welcome to Christie'sand this evening's sale of
impressionist and modern art.Bidders should know the
auctioneer may open biddingon any lot
below the reserveby placing a bid
on behalf of the seller.Okay, let's start
with lot number onethe Renard, showing here.and $80,000 is bid
with my absent bidder.$85,000, gentleman's bid.
$90,000, still with me.$100,000. $110,000.$120,000. $130,000.$140,000, gentleman's bid.
And fair warning.Guess I got stood up.Would you like
to order or...?Why not? I put the tie on
and everything.And can you
bring me another?Your drink, ma'am.Oh, good.
Thank you so much.So delicious.Thirsty?
I've had a very big week, Dave.I forgot how these slip
right down. I'm fine.So, Kristen, where did you
go to medical...School?
Oh, I'm so sorry.University of Pennsylvania.Oh, well, actually,
I went to school in Philadelphia too.Yeah, a Bryn Mawr girl.
You're kidding.My mom went to Bryn Mawr.
Wow!So not only are you
marrying my father,but our mothers went
to the same college.Shall we order?
Absolutely.Erica? Do I like duck?Yes, it's rabbit you hate.I'll give you the list of
everything he likes and dislikes.Let's let her figure some
things out for herself.Oh, I'm not talking
about that, Dave.After all, she did go
to medical school.Hey, hey, hey.
Not in front of the kids.So, what do you see
that you like?What are you having?I don't know.You know, I'm looking
at the grilled salmon...Who would like what?
Mom, are you okay?Huh?Sure you're okay?
Yeah, no, I'm fine. I'm...I'm fine.
You sure?Oh, yes.
Good.Okay...If we order the pasta,
we could get the fresh rigatoni.Grilled free-range chicken
teriyaki...I'm not sure.
What about you?Uh...I'm sorry.
Maybe I need a little air.Are you okay? Fine.
I'll be right back.Excuse me.
I'm sorry.I, uh...Hey!
Hello, Harry.Hi.Hi. I don't know
if you know...God, I'm so stupid.What?
Erica!Harry, I gotta go.
Slow down!You wanna kill me?Taxi.Erica.She's just a friend.
Oh, yeah.She looks like a real
buddy kind of girl.Come on.Just a dinner.
Harry, look.Here's the problem.I really like you.Yeah, but I "love you"
like you.I do, I love you.I think that
we should considermaybe we're getting a little
ahead of ourselves.Do you?
Yeah.You know,
I am like the dumb girl who doesn't get it.I've never been the dumb girl before.
It ain't so great.Let's just calm down.I had these plans
before I even met you.I mean, I do like
seeing you. I do.Oh, yeah.And I'm always surprised by it.
Surprised by it?What was I thinking?I have never
lied to you.I have always told you
some version of the truth.The truth doesn't
have versions, okay?Will you cut me
a little slack?My life has just
been turned upside down.Mine too!Well, then let's just
each get our bearings.I don't want my bearings.I've had my bearings
my whole goddamn life.I felt something
with youthat I never
really knew existed.Do you know what that's like,
after a 20-year marriageto feel something for another
person that is so...?That...Oh, right. Right.
Not your problem.God. Do you know that
I've written this,but I never really got it.Do you know
what this is?No.This is heartbroken.
How's that for impervious, huh?You're killing me.I just wish that it had
lasted more than a week.Me too.That is a terrible
thing to say.You know, the life
I had before youI knew how to do that.
I could do that forever.But now look at me.
What am I gonna do?What am I gonna do
with all this?Taxi.Erica. Can you wait
just a second?The truth is, I...
I just...I don't know how
to be a boyfriend.That's what you have to say
after all of this?That you don't know how
to be a boyfriend?That's not a small thing.Are we done?I don't know.Oh, my God.Ouch.Oh, my God.Came in by a cab.Vital signs are stable.
Respiratory is on its way.You know the victim?15 minutes of chest pains,
hospitalized a week ago with an MI.Switch over to monitors.
Hang a nitro drip.You can't.I took Viagra.You have been through this before.
Yeah.Let's run a 12-lead EKG.
You having chest pain right now?No. And the pain
I was having was sharp...not like before.
That's good."Not like before"
is what we like to hear.I was really out of breathlike I couldn't catch it.Okay. Give him an aspirin,
and let's run a blood gas.Mr. Sanborn,
what were you doing at the onset of the pain?Having a fight
with someone. A woman.Can a woman give
you chest pains?Are you kidding?Love hurts, haven't you heard?
I've heard.I just never personally
experienced it.Well, you've been lucky.
Yeah. Lucky.All right. Your EKG
looks perfectly normal.Your heart rate's good.
The pain you described.is not the kind of pain that
we generally worry about.I think what you experienced
was hyperventilationbrought on by stress.Stress?
And in case you haven't heard,stress can give you
a heart attack.Mr. Sanborn,
I have no idea what you're up to,gallivanting out
and about at this hourone week after
having a heart attackbut if you were my dad,
I would have you home in bedrecuperating."If you were my dad..."Hi, it's Erica.
I'm not here, so leave me a message.Ouch.You have one new message.Message one.Erica, hi, it's Julian.
I'm in the restaurantand I'm just wondering
if you're on your way.It's about 8:20.It's a lovely night
out here. It's a nice...Oh, my...Mm-hm.Yeah, go figure.Zoe!Hey, Mom, we're going
into town.Okay.Are you crying?Yeah.It's my new thing.I've gotten abnormally
brilliant at it.Why? What is it?I'm in love.Ain't it great?Seems like I gotta learn
how to do thatlove-them-and-leave-them
stuff, you know?Oh, Mom, I hate this.Now do you get my theory
about all this?You gotta self-protect.You don't really buy this stuff you say,
do you?You don't actually think that
you can outsmart getting hurt?I think it's worth trying.Listen to me.You can't hide from love
for the rest of your lifebecause maybe
it won't work outmaybe you'll
become unglued?It's just not
a way to live.Are you telling me this is
good what's happened to you?I think you should consider
the possibility...that you and I are more
alike than you realize.I let someone in,
and I had the time of my life.I've never had
the time of my life.I know, baby.And I say thisfrom the deepest
part of my heart.What are you waiting for?Hey!
Harry, great party.Thank you.
My pleasure.Hey, hi.
Hey, good to see you.You having fun?Not quite.I got you something great
at the farm stand.These are for you to give
me when you apologize.* Sunday morning
Rain is falling ** Clouds just shrouding us
In moments unforgettable ** You twist to fit
The mold that I am in ** That maybe all I leave* In darkness
She is all I see *Julian, I hope you know how
mortified I am by my behavior.I was gonna get in touch
or send a note, something...A note?
A note.That's a little chilly.
Well...I'm embarrassed.I just haven't been myself
lately. What can I say?Just tell me
you're sorry.I am sorry.Then you could kiss me.Kiss you?You're gonna forgive me
if I kiss you?I think so.No one on earth would
forgive you for that kiss.May I?I forgive you.Yes!It's the best thing
you've ever written.It is?It's wonderful.
It is?Yes, it's sweet,
it's smart, it's funny...How great is it
for youthat I'm not intimidated
by your brilliance?Must we go through
this every time?Come here. Come here.Good. That's very good.Anyway, you know
what I'm gonna do?Oh. Oh, my God!Oh, I gotta tell you.I'm totally excited about this audition.
It's such a great part.Supporting, but she's a really,
really funny character.And there's this
totally hilarious scenewhere she's dating this,
like, older chauvinistic guy.Just as they're
about to do it, he moans.And so she's just thinking that he's,
like, really into herexcept he's having
a heart attack.And she's, like,
totally creeped outand her mom, who basically
despises the guy,rushes in and gives him CPR
and saves his life.Are you okay?Isn't that funny?Hold on, hold on.
Let's not get so dramatic here.What are we,
four teenagers?We're all
sophisticated people.Why can't we all stay
for the weekend?Your mother has work to do,
I've got papers to grade.You do what you're going to do,
whatever that might be...I need
to talk to you....together, and if
we don't, we don't.Got a minute?So your play
is about us?No, it's about me.
Am I in it?Well, a guy like you
is in it, but he's not you.What happens
to this guy who's not me?I haven't totally decided.
He can...He can live,
or he can die.What are you leaning towards?
Death.It's funnier.
Fine.He dies
of a funny heart attack.Well, he's sort
of a schmuck,who screwed around with our heroine,
so it won't be too sad.Schmucks are people too,
you know?Death doesn't seem
a little harsh to you?I went where
the story took me.It's a work of fiction,
just stuff that I made up.Erica?
Huh?They're ready to do the hospital
"Do you take Viagra?" scene.Should we wait for you?Yeah. Good.
That's fine.Harry...So I'm gonna be the
laughing stock of Broadway?Harry, he's not you.He's a version of the truth of you,
so to speak.I'm sorry
to interrupt againbut Dave wants to know when Henry says,
"I love ya",you want that to be "ya,"
not "you," right?Right.
Yeah.Har...Well, you look
really nice.Thank you.Are you feeling
all right?You know,
it isn't like I wanted to stop seeing you.We could've carried on
a fun thing for a while.Why is it that you broads
want all or nothing?I don't know.We're just goofy
when it comes to love.Harry, if it's all
right with youI'd like to be friends.I'm not ready to be
your friend. How's that?Fine. I understand.Anyway, do you actually
buy that horseshit?That men and women can be
friends once they've had sex?Well, I'm friends
with my ex-husband,but then again we didn't
just have sex.We didn't
just have sex either.Then what was it?
I'd love to know.Can I e-mail it to you
when I figure it out?Okay. Okay.Just moving into another phase
with this thing. I'm mad at you.I think I'm mad at you too.
Excellent!Because I don't like
thinking about you so muchand worrying about how you are
and if I ruined your life.You've worried about me?
Yes, honey.The schmuck...who deserves to die...worries about you.Sometimes worrying about you
feels like a full-time job.Well, doll,
I'm doing great.So you don't have
to work that shift anymore.Erica?
Huh?They want you to look at the
costumes for the dancing Henrys.Are these
gonna work for you?Mr. Sanborn, back so soon?
This is it, I'm dying.I've had 20 minutes
of severe chest pains,nausea,
shortness of breathmy blood pressure's
gotta be 170 over 100.Give me the nitro,
I didn't take Viagra.Plug me into an EKG.
I'm taking two beta-blockersblood thinners,
Lipitor, Procardia.If I were you,
I'd pound on my chest.Mr. Sanborn.
Your diagnosis, although fascinating,was entirely incorrect.Impossible!
Do you realizethat a severe anxiety attack can
masquerade as a heart attack?So I'm nuts.Perfect. The one thing
I'm not taking pills for.If you don't wanna
end up here every weekI suggest you do whatever
it takes to decompress.Now lie down.Just try something
with me. Come on.Give me your hand.Relax, relax.All right,
close your eyes.Okay, good. I want you
to give yourself a visual...Both eyes.I want you to give
yourself a visual imageof something that gives you a
feeling of peace and serenity.I don't know. What?A hammock.
Good.What else?
Palm trees.Clear, blue water.What else do you see?
Feel?Taste?A peach margarita.A Cuban cigar.Miles...of soft beach.I couldn't believe you were
calling from downstairs.Wow, you have a beard!It's great to see you.You couldn't look better.Thank you.
Well, come on in.No, no.
I just wanted to stop by and say hi and, uh,and tell you that I'm sorry
if I ever did anything to youthat wasn't
on the up and up.What do you mean?
You were great to me.I was?
Always.That's refreshing. Good.Well, I don't know what
you've done to yourselfbut you look
absolutely radiant.I'm three months pregnant.So that might have
something to do with it.Really?
Yeah.Who's the lucky guy?
My husband.Hold on because he really
wants to meet you. Danny.Harry Sanborn, this is my husband,
Danny Benjamin.Heard so much about you.
I bet.Well, you know,
with the play and all.I'm famous, huh?
Hey, just to us.In every interview
my mom does,she always says
she made you up.So the guy in the play
doesn't make it, does he?He basically dies at the
end of the second act.But it gets a huge laugh.I was hoping
she'd give me a reprieve.Yeah, well...Okay.Good seeing you.
Congratulations.Thanks.How is she?
She's really good.Up to her old tricks.Learning Italian, remodeling
her apartment in the city...Now, if I wanted to see her,
how would that go over?Only one way to find out.Except she's out of town
right now.Oh, yeah? Where is she?Paris. She left two days
ago for her birthday.But she'll be back
next week.Paris.Showtime.I knew you'd be here.You did?At first I thought
I had the wrong restaurant,but here you are.Just like I imagined.
You mean...We're not bumping
into each other?You came here to see me?I'm aware it was
a bold move, but,one of those impulses that grabs you,
but so far we're okay.Right?Oh.I mean... I kind of...It would be greatif you'd let me
take that as a yes.Would you like a glass
of wine or something?Yeah. I would.I would love one.I was just gonna
give you a kiss hello.Oh...Okay.
Whoa.Awkward.You, uh...You remember how you said
if we still knew each otherwe should go to Paris
for our birthdays?Well, we still
know each other.That's true.But, Harry,I haven't heard from you
in six months.Yeah.After I saw you in the
theater that afternoonwith the dancing Henrys...Yes. Sorry...No, it's very funny,
by the way.I had another episode.
Oh, I'm sorry.Well, as it turned out,
I was finebut I was sure I was dying,and the doctor in the ER
said I needed to, uh,to decompress.So I did.I walked out of there
and changed my life.Sold most of my businesses,
packed my bags,moved to an island
in the Caribbean.And that is where you've
been all this time?You've been
in the Caribbean?Actually, no.I was there about six hourswhen it occurred to me that wasting
away on an island in the Caribbeancouldn't possibly cure
what was ailing me.So I decided to take
another kind of trip,into, uh, let's call it,
my past.Your past?I thought if I visited some
of the women I've knownthat maybe I could figure out
how I arrived at being me.Wow.Wow, yeah,
it was quite a journey.Hi, Louise.
Remember me?Hi, how are...?Some of the ladies, I admit,
weren't too interestedin seeing me,
or even speaking to me,but one day,
my losing streak ended.One of them
opened up to me.Hearing what she had
to say was no picnic,but I stuck it out
and I listened.And then I listened harder.And one of the things
I realizedwas I was actually
giving closureto generations of women.When you hear the same
story about yourselfover and over,
your life begins to add up.Took me months
to find them all.Visited a dozen
different states.But I traveled
the farthest to see you.I don't believe it.Oh!Me either.Doc. How are you?
I'm good.Nice to see you.
You too.I should have told you
he was coming,but I was so engrossed
in your story. I just...Sorry I'm late.What story?
Oh, maybe another time.So I guess I should've
seen your play.Would've known
how this ended.Yeah.
Yeah, big twist, huh?Yeah.So, what are you doing
over here, man?Just a vacation.
I've never been to Paris in January.It's amazing to run into you.
You look good, Harry.Oh, you do,
you look great.I haven't been
on a gurneyin six months,
so that's something.Well, I've just been
to every store in the city.What?This woman's impossible
to buy for,but I think I finally found
the right gift.Happy birthday, baby.I'll open it in a bit.
No, no, no, no. You know what?I'm gonna
let you two celebrate.Harry, no, please.You're welcome to stay.Join us for dinner.
We'd love to...I can't.
I can't. Really.Why? You have
somewhere to go?I've spent a lot
of time in hospitals.It doesn't matter, right?Went to see a... What was it?
No, it was a wheaten terrier.So beautiful.
So beautiful.* Happy birthday to you* Happy birthday,
dear Erica ** Happy birthday to youMake a wish.To the forces of destiny that
brought us together tonight.Forces of destiny.
Beautiful.What are you doing?
You don't smoke.I'm in Paris.Secondhand smoke
will kill you anyway.She's very brilliant,
but the woman cannot hold her liquor.I like that about me.
Me too.Now if I were writing this,
this is where I would write:"An awkward moment."Honey, if you were writing this,
I'd be dead.Never fails to amuse her.No. Harry,
please, let us.Oh, no.
Please, let us.Doc, I insist.
I crashed your party.No. At least let
me buy you dinneron your birthday.Thank you.What time does that say?Oh, God, I have no idea.
Oh, wait a minute, I...Me too. Me too.You think you look
so handsome in mine?You know how long I have
been looking for those?Yes, I do.Thank you very much.Excuse me. Thank you.Once again, closure.Well, here we are.Harry,
why don't you take it.No, no. I think I'm gonna walk.
You two take it.Well.Harry. Doc.
Thanks for everything.Stay well.
Well, this was fun.And it was so great
to see you. Honest. So...It was great
to see you.Look...Erica, if you ever...No.Take care
of yourself, Harry.Yeah, I will. You too.It's cold, huh?Look who gets
to be the girl.Anything else?Where's Julian?He's back at the hotel.He said when
he saw me with youhe knew that I was still
in love with you.What do you have
to say about that?If it's true,
my life just got made.Why'd you come here,
Harry?Turns out the heart attack
was easy to get over.You,were something else.I finally get what
it's all about.I'm 63 years oldand I...
I'm in love...for the first time
in my life.That's what
I came here to say.Harry.Thank you...Sanborn.Mr. Sanborn.Four and a half.Got your
table waiting.* You got to learn
How to fall ** Before you learn
To fly ** And mama, mama
It ain't no lie ** Before you learn to fly
Learn how to fall ** You got to drift
In the breeze ** Before you set your sails* Oh it's an occupation
Where the wind prevails ** Before you set your sails* Drift in the breeze* You got to learn
How to fall ** Before you learn
To fly ** And mama, mama
It ain't no lie ** Before you learn to fly* Learn how to fall ** Hold me close
And hold me fast ** The magic spell you cast* This is.la vie en rose* When you kiss me* Heaven sighs* And though I close my eyes* I see.la vie en rose* When you press me
To your heart ** I'm in a world apart* A world where roses bloom* And when you speak* Angels sing from above* Everyday words seem* To turn into love songs* Give your heart
And soul to me ** And life will always be*.La vie en rose *