<font face="Book Antiqua" color=green size=14> Subtitle edited By iMR aka imxpressHello, everyone.We want to welcome
a very special guestto our park today --the president's daughter.-- Woman:
Big smile. Big smile.Hello, Alexandra.Where's your father?He'll be here.I'll make sure of it.Well, hey there,
little miss first lady,I'm Dinky Winks, owner
of this fine establishment.You ready to ride the ride
and shrill to the thrills,
spills, and chills?Yes, I am.Right this way!Of course, that behind me --
the world-famous Whippersnapper.-- [ People screaming ]
-- Guaranteed to make
grown men howl-- like a cub woke
at weaning time.
-- [ Yawns ]Over on our left...The NerveWracker --
oh-ho, painful.Good fun.On your other leftis, uh, well,
my personal favorite --the Vomiter.Now, we tell peoplenot to ride it
on a full stomach,but you know folks.They just don't listen.But...why bother with any
of those?You're here
for my latest and greatest.For your personal amusement
and complete gratification,I humbly offer...the Juggler.But is it fast?-- [ Mid-tempo music plays ]
-- [ Chuckles ]
Is it fast?Well, let's see, shall we?The riders are strapped
into the bubble.The hydrobot lifts the bubble
high into the air.And spins it round and round
as fastas the United States government
will allow.The bubble spins, turns,
flips, and bounces.And then...it juggles you.I want to go on![ Chuckles ]
I thought so.Now, understand -- the override
precautions are top-notch,modified by yours truly.I thought her father
was supposed to be here.Man: The president
has more pressing businessthan to spend
an entire Sundayin a theme park.No one's that busy.Have fun, kid.-- [ Beeping ]
-- We'll take it a little slow,just make it fun.Can't you get her down?Somebody's jammed
the override.Why, that
little troublemaker.Remain calm.
Remain calm.We are the Secret Service.
Everything is under control.-- There's nothing
we can do, sir.
-- What?The weight of our agents
will prevent us from ascendingthe shaky precipice
on which she now stands.She'll fall.Don't we have
any smaller agents?Bring me agents SK1 and SK2.-- Coming through.
-- Coming through.We're ready.Use this -- the latest gear.We get to keep them
afterwards?- N-No.Yes.Of course.Let's rock.You're sure
they can handle this?If not,
there are two others who can.Bring me agents SK3 and SK4
as backup.[ Panting ]
We got company.Gary and Gerti --
what are they doing here?Excuse me there, sport.Where did you get that?Latest
in electro-riser technology,with new composite materials
and A.I. brainology.[ Chuckles ] I can seeyou don't know
what I'm talking about.Gary, this is my rescue.We'll take it from here."Latest gear," my butt.No, no, no!You'll just make it worse!Now you done it.Over here!Get away from me!Alexandra, take my hand!Back off!I want my father
to come up here and get me.But he's the president
of the United States.No, he's my father.He was my father
before he ever became president,and he should still
be my father now.[ Stamps foot ]
I want him up here!Sir, we have a situation.She's got the Transmooker.This is now
a code-red situation.Get her down now!The point is,you and your father
need to have a talk.Up here may not be
the best place.Come with me,
and I promise you,-- [ Mechanical clunking ]
-- the two of you will have
that talk.How can you promise that?I'm Level 2.I can order him
to talk to you.Hi, Gerti.Whatcha doing?I'm trying to stop the ride.-- Without disengaging
the axis?
-- Exactly.Then stop what you're doing.You see, the ride
is designed to work
like a giant magnet.If you reverse
the polarization,bye-bye,
president's daughter.See you around.-- [ Clinks ]
-- Okay.Wait.I took this from
my father's office this morning.I'm sure he'll want it back.Careful!Look, Cortez, you take her down,
and I'll take this down.That way, we both look good.I'm not doing this
for looks, Gary.Thank goodness
you're all right, Alexandra.We were worried sick.-- [ Mechanical buzzing ]
-- Oh, boys.I think this
is what you're looking for.She swiped it
from the president.Oh, you're in big trouble
this time, missy.Wait a minute.I promised her
she could talk to her father.Oh, she'll talk to him,
all right.We'll make sure of that.So, you want
the Ukata assignment, huh?Your duties are assigned
to you by the agency --same as everyone,
same as me.I know. It's just
that we've learned so much.Juni and I are more
than capable of taking
bigger assignments.But that's not
your decision to make.The Spy Kids organization
is still new,and if you're a Level 3
or even a Level 2,you cannot
go on a mission alone.You need more experience.Come on.Okay, Mom, if you're looking
for top-secret information,just go straight
to the source.Woman:
Welcome to the Pentagon.How did you do that?
You can't do that.There is no hacking
in this household.I know. Sorry.[ Sighs ]
Show me that again.I know this hair thing
is one of my weakest points.-- [ Rubberized squeaking ]
-- Wait one minute.You're gonna look cool.In fact, you're looking cooler,
right? Like me.Like Poppy.[ Strained ] And it's kind
of em-o-tion-al to me.You know? Uh-oh.A knot.We are gonna...You...Uh-huh, uh-huh.
We got it.That's my boy.Last touch.You want me
to tie it for you?No, it's okay.
R.A.L.P.H. can do it.Bow tie, R.A.L.P.H.,and not too tight.Thanks, R.A.L.P.H.Interesting.But...he can never, ever
replace...me.Pow.Not yet, but I thinkthat new upgrade
comes in next week.[ Chuckles ]
Only joking.Hey!Kids. Kids. Kids. Kids.Ki--Joking?Thank you.Yes, ma'am.Okay. Remember, kids,this is a very important night
for your father.And if he's named director
of the O.S.S.,be sure to stand up
and give him a big hug,all right?What if Dad doesn't win?Well, then,
give him a bigger hug.Oh, Yao Ling, Wa Ling,this is Danielle
and Dione Daluc.-- Hello.
-- Hi.They created lnfolink, sort of
an online trading systemfor swapping
international secrets.Hi.Oh, hey.Hello.Champagne?Can't have any of that.Sorry.Something doesn't feel right.No wonder --
your buddy's here --your buddy
with the weird laugh.He does not have
a weird laugh.We were just...
talking about you.Really?Wow.
You look great, Carmen.-- You want to dance?
-- Sure.I don't think that's
a good idea, Gary.Family rules say you need to
ask my father's permission.You know, you should have had
that suit tailored, Juni.It's bunching up
around your gut,and it makes your head
look way too big.You have to excuse
my little brother.He's still a little upset
about the...Juggler incident.A good agent
controls his temper.Just be glad
my dad isn't here.He gets really psycho
about this sort of thing.Hi, Dad.Um, you remember Gary.
He's in our organization.I was just asking your daughter
for a dance.You know how to dance?Fairly well, sir.What kind of dances?All types of dances.-- What about tango?
-- Yes.-- Mambo?
-- Fairly well.-- Rumba?
-- Yes.-- Cha-cha-cha?
-- Seven steps.-- Bossa nova?
-- Mm-hmm.-- Merengue?
-- Of course.What about waltz?Y-Yeah, I can waltz.Show me.Right.Something like that.All right.You can go to dance.Watch your older sister.Alexandra?Yes?What are you doing in there?Dancing.Do you always carry
this many Secret Service around?My dad's idea --he's gotten
a little...paranoid.Well, would you dance...
with me?No.All right,
hold on a second, guys.Level 2 -- break it up!Why not.I only dance...ballet.What
an incredible coincidence.So do l.Well, Juni, I must say,you're a man
of many talents.One tries.Uh, could you find your seats?
We're ready to start.I must go.-- [ Shuffling ]
-- Man: Ladies and gentlemen,the president
of the United States.Thank you.I am proud of the O.S.S.and their newly formed
Spy Kids division.For their outstanding
accomplishments yesterday.Gary and Gerti Gigglesnot only saved
my daughter...What is he talking about?!
I saved her!Juni...But more importantly,
if not most importantly,they safely retrieved
the Transmooker devicethat my daughter accidentally
took from my officeearlier that day.Now it is my great pleasure
to announcethe new director
of the O.S.S....Gregor--...Donnagon Giggles.Gary and Gerti Gigglesare the kind of agents
we needto turn the O.S.S. around.I am proud to award them-- these Level 1 badges,-- What?
-- which will enable them
to take on real missions,something challenging,
like the Ukata assignment.Yes!- I wanted that assignment.
This is so unfair.I am proud to claim themas our organization's
top Spy Kid operatives!Something's not right.And I'm also proudto claim them, of course,as my children.This is all wrong.To our Spy Kids.-- To our Spy Kids.
-- To our Spy Kids.
-- To our Spy Kids.To our Spy Kids.This -- ugh! Ohh.Boy: Secure the perimeter!Sleepers.They're after
the Transmooker device!Take 'em down.-- Pull!
-- Pull!Eeyah!Get off, squirt.Ugh!Give me that back!-- You all right, sir?
-- Yeah.Come here!Juni, get off of him!No, no. They took
the Transmooker device!They took
the Transmooker device!The following
Spy Kid cadetsplease report to the psychic
abilities seminar --- Mike Cardenas
and Daniel Duluth.-- It's my turn, too.
-- Are you sure?All right, your last name is?Hold on a second.I had the Transmooker
in my hand,but you know Juni --he wanted to claim it
for himself.-- Okay, that should do it.
Thank you, son.
-- Right.If that Transmooker device
falls into the wrong hands...we're doomed.Thank you, Mr. President.
That'll be all.[ Echoing ] We're doomed!Understood, sir.Here.Man: "Floop's Fooglie"...Starring Minion...and Carmenita...Thanks.I was fired.I know.I hacked
into the O.S.S. data filesand saw the news.It was probably my fault,
I suppose.[ Sighs ] I'm sorry.Well, I guess that's that.Let's go to the tree house.
I got an idea.I guess
I could always set upa small detective agency
out here or something.[ Sighs ] You're thinking
small again, Juni.The old tree house --needs
another helicopter pad.It needs a paint job,
is what it needs.Woman: Your name?Carmen Elizabeth Juanita
Echo Sky Brava Cortez.-- [ Beeping ]
-- Woman: Your name?Juni Rocket Racer
Rebelde Cortez.You know...I'm kind of looking forward
to retirement,get back to all the projects
and dreams I left behind.Oh, stop it, Juni.Look, do you want
your job back or not?That's right --
reinstated Level 2.So now we can get back
the missing Transmooker.How?Looks like Gary and Gerti
are about to get briefedon the Ukata assignment.We should listen in.Is R.A.L.P.H. still
at your office?If they haven't
cleaned it out yet.R.A.L.P.H.,
get to the briefing room.We need you to spy
on Gary and Gerti.Make sure no one sees you.- Donnagon: There is
a Bermuda Triangle of sortsoff the coast
of Madagascar.As you may remember,
this is an areawhere some of our O.S.S. cargo
ships have been disappearing.Good boy, R.A.L.P.H.The survivors
of these disappearancestell delusional talesof a mysterious island
populated by strange creatures.Obviously, no land mass
is located anywhere near there,-- so these tales were
dismissed, and the agents fired.However...the magnet ship that captured
the Transmooker devicewas last seen
in this same area.So, we need a small ship,piloted by two small agentsto go in and take
a closer look.If you find anything
out of the ordinary,you return,you report it back here.-- We accept.
-- We accept.You bet we accept.Come home, R.A.L.P.H.
Good work.It's a great assignment,but Gary and Gerti have it,
and I'm fired.And I'm reassigning you
to the O.S.S.-- Don't tell me
you're hacking into --
-- Already done.Level 2 status --reinstated.Carmen, you can't do this.I already did it.
I'd take it one step further.We're assigning ourselves
to the Ukata assignment.I'm programming a new
destination for Gary and Gerti.Now, that,
I got to be a part of.Woman:
State your name, please.[ As Gary Giggles ]
Gary Giggles.Access denied.It knows you're not him.Confirmed.New destination?How about...Gobi Desert?Stop it, Juni.What?Don't want your boyfriend
to go so far away?He's not my boyfriend.Okay, then.Destination confirmed.There.
What did we just do again?We're gonna get
the Transmooker device backso we can clear your name.We just have to solve
the casebefore anybody finds out
what we're up to.Are you with me?Okay.Then let's go.- Hello?Hello?-- [ Music stops ]
-- Hey, what are you doing
up there?!Sorry, we thought
you were somebody else.Who gave you a key?Did you forget
who built you this place?Come down from there.I brought you
all-new gadgets.Check it out --
the very latest spy watch --total communication center,right there on your wrist.Cellphone, lnternet access,
satellite TV --you name it.That baby will do
everything but tell
you what time it is.It doesn't tell time?No, there was so much
stuffed into it,there was no more room
for the clock.Cool.Are you sure these are new?We can't be running around
with outdated equipment.Close your eyes
and hold out your wrist.I'm gonna give youthe one gadget
you should always carry.A rubber band?No, it's
a Machete elastic wonder.-- [ Snaps ]
-- It's a rubber band.Yeah, but it's also
the world's greatest gadget --999 uses...and the important thingis you have to figure out
what those uses are...with this.He's right.Use number one --
a stylish bracelet.Use number two...I'm gonna make a fortune
with these.Are you sure
this is going to work?Just be cool.As far as anybody knows,
you're back on the force.Hey, Uncle Felix.I'm not your uncle.I know. It's just easier
to call you that.Um, you don't mind, do you?Of course not.Well, welcome back, Juni.Says here
you were reinstated.Sure does, doesn't it?He was fired and rehired
all in the same day.Okay.Let me bring up the keys
to the DragonSpy Five.Cake.6 o'clock.Wow. You're looking good
with the new gear, Carmen.-- Their latest stuff.
-- Very cool...only we had that weeks ago.Here's what's really new.Nanotechnology --everything you're wearing
is right here on my wrist.It's superaccurate
and, oh, so light.It even tells time.How did you get that?!Well, it's all prototype,
Juni.You can't be running
around with those
mass-produced gadgets.Just means
everyone's got them.I always go
with the prototype.-- Sure,
they're a little...buggy,But I can deal.I-I accidentally
squashed himon my way
out of the O.S.S. building.Uh!Sorry about that.He was outdated, anyway,[ Chuckling ] so think of it
as a mercy killing.Gary and Gerti Giggles,- you have assignment
SElKJu9.Good luck.Don't hurt yourselves
with that outdated gear.Remember, an agent
is only as good as his gadgets.What?You have
the Ukata assignment?Very nice.You'll love it.Thanks, Uncle Felix.I'm not your uncle.Oh, nice sub.Woman: Welcome
to the DragonSpy DLX.Seems like they get
more and more sophisticatedeach month.Everything is automated!- Woman: Now picking your nose.Ugh, little brothers.Let's check our lunchboxes
for mission updates.Sorry, R.A.L.P.H.- You were the best spy
on the force.Juni, leave it alone.
He's dead.Thanks to your buddy Gary.It was an accident.You like him and believe him?I don't like him...
that much.Gary's a bad guy, Carmen.Maybe I know that.I think I can change him.I do not understand you.And you never will.-- [ Mechanical grinding ]
-- Woman: French fry, sir?Gimme that!-- [ Slow music continues ]
-- Strange -- tales
of a mysterious island,disappearing ships,
mysterious creatures,and yet,
no information anywhereon the O.S.S. cargo
or the magnet ship.What's Donnagon doing there?He wasn't
O.S.S. director yet.These are old O.S.S. secrets.And I know just the person
we can call for advice.Hello?Yes.-- [ Air rushing ]
-- One moment, please.Cut!![ Sighs ]
Who is it again?-- [ Buzzing ]
-- Juni Cortez!-- [ Beeping ]
-- What can I do for you?I mean,
you've done so much for me.Your robot counterpartsare the surprise
hit characters of my show![ Laughs ] Say hello.Actually, Carmen wants
a word with Mr. Minion.Oh. He's right here.Minion is practicing
a 4-part harmony.-- You have one minute.Bueno?How you doing, Minion?Things are a little Floopy
around here for my taste,but it's a living.I need some information
on your favorite subject --the O.S.S.I need to make a call.Okay, you ready?Ukata...Transmooker...-- [ Beeping ]
-- Woman: The president's
daughter is unavailable.Manage.Press "1" to record.-- [ Beeps ]
-- Mean anything to you?Smells like the work
of Donnagon Giggles.[ Slow music plays ]He had first contact
with the Transmooker technology.You think Donnagon's the one
behind all this?You're talking
to a man with four heads.Trust me --
the guy is dirt.What should we look for?First, find the island.Then find the lsland Man.That would have been
Donnagon's contact.Okay.Thanks, Minion.Be a good girl
and swat your brother for me.Oh, I will.Something's wrong!
Take the wheel!Got to go.
Good luck!Slow down! We're nearing
destination zone.The radius where all
the disappearances occurred
is right...Here!We've been shut down!-- [ Thud sounds, rumbling ]
-- Hold onto something!All power is off --
even the emergency power.My flashlight
doesn't even work.We're stuck, aren't we?Let's get out of here.Rebreathers.[ Snaps ]
Rebreathers.You got to do it by hand.[ Sighs ] What next?-- [ Clicking ]
-- Nope. Hand, Carmen.[ Door rumbles open ][ Sighs ]
Unbelievable.Low-tech!Here we go.Should we travel light
or heavy?We may not be coming
back down here.Let's go heavy.Inflate-a-suits?We don't have much choice.At least the masks work.I think it's because
they're valve-operated,
not electrical-based.It's so strange.Good luck.You too!Stay close!Ugh. Oh, great.I'm fat!Was it supposed to do this?!It has an electrical
automatic shutoffwhich didn't work.Luckily, we ran out of air
before the suits exploded.Well, we can still laugh.[ Sighs ] At what?At whatever you can imagine
Gary and Gerti are doingright about now.Gerti, where are we?!Well...according
to my coordinates,-- we are...I think that --Camel poop!Someone's gonna pay!!Cordezes...I like your new office.It's smaller...cozy.Especially...smaller.So many successful missions.[ Chuckling ]
Amazing, isn't it?Remember this one?Oh. Which mission is that?-- Mexico.Of course.Actually,
that was the one missionwe never accomplished.Ingrid...don't start
with your parents again.It's funny
you should mention them.No. When I mention your
parents, it is the exact
opposite of funny.-- [ Music stops ]
-- Doesn't it bother
you that we never got
their full blessing?-- Frankly, you deserve another
chance to show them --
-- All right, all right.Invite them if you want,
but I won't be here.Tell them that I had a --
I had to go on another mission,that -- that we're having
a little problem on the moon.My father loves the moon.You invited them already,
didn't you?Mm...define "invite."Donnagon: Cortezes.What?!I have some bad news.
May I come in?-- Certainly, sir.
-- Yes, sir.-- Great.Here he is.Two of
our Spy Kid operatives-- are lost
on the Ukata assignment.Your children had
that assignment.I'm so sorry, Donnagon.
How can we help?Actually,
my children are safesomewhere in the Gobi Desert,
I believe.Uh, I'm sorry to say
that Carmen and Juniare somehow the ones
on the Ukata assignment --a computing error
of some kind.-- Communications?
-- None.Their DragonSpy ship
doesn't show upon radar or satellite.-- [ Slow music plays ]
-- Greg, lngrid,you guys risked your lives
once before to save me.Let me go nowand personally bring
your children back.No. Thank you.Thank you, Donnagon,but, respectfully,
we have to do this ourselves.-- If you could provide
tactical backup
-- [ Air rushes ]and surveillance support
of our efforts,we'll leave immediately.Okay, yeah.Uh, lngrid...I know this may be
a bad time, but, um...Your parents are here.-- [ Mid-tempo music plays ]
-- But you guys told me
you were coming next Tuesday.This is a very dangerous
assignment,and you have to wait here.Well, we want to help.-- Don't worry.You taught me
everything I know.Yes...but not everything we know.Of course not, Dad.
See you in a few hours.-- Thanks, honey.I still don't like him.Juni...Juni...was that there before?That wasn't there
a minute ago, was it?Are you kicking me?!I'm way over here!I felt something
against my foot.There's something under me!
Come look!I don't see anything, Juni.Let's just concentrate
on getting to shore.[ Water rumbling ]Okay, it's about 200 yards.- If we kick steadily
at one foot per kick,we'll reach it in, um...- 25 minutes?-- [ Hissing ]
-- I don't know.My calculator
doesn't work.-- [ Air escaping ]
-- Whoa!
-- Whoa!Juni, what did you do?!The air's coming
out of our suits!We're heading towards shore!"Travel heavy"!Good idea![ Sighs ] All right.Give it a rest.Okay, we're gonna set up
a campsite,put up the tent,
build a little fire.And roast marshmallows?I can't believe this!What happened?-- [ Mid-tempo music plays ]
-- Nothing -- that's just it.That was supposed to make
an instant campfire,and that was supposed to make
a shelter.None of our gadgets work.You mean we have to use
our heads?Yes.Big office...Director
of the O.S.S.'s office.[ Sniffles ] Big.Did you find the source
of equal or greater power?It emanates from the north side
of the island.Have you located
the lsland Man?He's somewhere underground.Yeah, well, start digging.
I'm on my way.Come on, Juni.Let's go check out the island.I just set up camp.See?Sure wish Gary was here.He'd want to find out
who was behind all this.Aw, man!All right, let's go.Wow!This place is amazing!Check out that rock!Looks like a hot dog.Well, I've seen enough.
Let's go back to the beach.What?Listen.-- I hear something humming.Somebody here has power.We need to find out who
and for what.-- [ Blades churning,
mid-tempo music plays ]
-- Man: Destination -- Ukata.Estimated time of arrival --
one minute and counting.How fast are we going?85 knots.Well...go faster.With pleasure.Faster.Faster.Can't go faster.Faster.I broke the fast thingy.Faster!-- [ Glass squeaking ]
-- All right...now what?[ Spits ]
This is terrific.You know,
this is just great.You really did it
this time, Gerti.Are you kicking me?-- [ Growling ]
-- No. I'm way over here,
cheese ball.I'm gonna zap that sucker
to bits!-- [ Beeping ]
-- Come here!Wait!-- [ Slow music plays ]
-- Save it for the Cortezes.Yeah...Excellent idea.I don't get it!
I saw it go through this wall.I don't get it!
I saw it go through this wall.[ Sighs ]
What's your assessment, Juni?I'd think better
with food in my belly.I think we should go up there
and check it out.Up there --
to the top of the volcano?Yep.Not even if my micrograpplers
were working.Gary would be brave enough
to do it.Nope.Nothing you can say
can change my mind.-- What did you just say?
-- I didn't.-- Race you to the top!
-- [ Up-tempo music plays ]Ah. Volcano.Juni, stay back.It's not active.Juni!What are you waiting for?!Get me out of here![ Strained ] If my
auto retractor was working,I'd get us both
back up there!Uh. Okay.
I'm gonna grab your hand.My cellphone!Why'd you stop?!-- [ Rope groaning ]
-- Something wrong?Close your eyes.Why?Juni!What?!I'm sorry!How long
have we been falling?I don't know.My watch doesn't tell time.Best guess?I'd say about three hours.Feels like four.How could you be eating
at a time like this?!You know that tickling sensation
you get when you fall?Of course.That pretty much went away
after the first hour.What happened?!I don't know!
We're floating!Who are you?-- Do you see something?
-- Over there, hiding.What do you want?I want to get down.I'm Carmen Cortez,
special agent of the O.S.S.I'm Romero,sole inhabitant
of this island of Leeke Leeke......sole human inhabitant,
that is.And you are?Tired and hungry.Nice to meet you,
Tired and Hungry.- Careful!
You'll crush my island!Sorry.We just fell four hours.
We're a little clumsy right now.You weren't falling.
It was an illusion.Magic?Science.Quickly,
we must get somewhere safe!I'm a genetic specialist.I needed a controlled
environment for my experiments.The creatures
we've been hearing?My experiments...run amok.What happened?I thought I would make
a fortune from it.Kids everywhere would have
their own miniature zoos,-- right there
in their bedrooms.A miniature zoo?God's creatures...
on a manageable scale.Unbelievable.I called it
"Romero's Zoo" --- genetically miniaturized
animals.Lions, tigers, bears,
penguins...Monkeys.Monkeys in a barrel.Careful.Careful.One day,
I accidentally mixed uptwo or three
different test tubesand created
a new species...altogether.Romero's Zoo Too...an entirely new...
miniature zoo...-- [ Neighing, buzzing ]
-- where each species
is unlikeany creature
you've ever seen.Horse-fly?Uh...cat-fish.Spider-monkey?Bull-frog.Uh...slizzards.-- Whoa.
-- Stay away from those.-- [ Animal barking, baaing ]
-- And so, I started to think,-- "lf only I could make
them all a wee bit bigger,"
-- [ Animals chittering,
lowing ]You know, for kids
with meatier hands.That's where things went
very wrong.I applied a growth serum,and they took to it
all too well.N-N-No!-- Aah! Aah! No!And I've been locked up
in here ever since.I'm afraid to go
out there again.They've tried to gobble me up
on more than one occasion.Why do they despise me so?I created them.Do you think...God stays in Heavenbecause he, too,
lives in fearof what he's created...here on Earth?Stop looking at me like that.I'm no loon.What I'm still trying
to figure outis why this island
doesn't show upon even
our most advanced satellites.I created a cloaking
device to shield my island
from curious eyes.Anything electronically
powered that comes
within a mile radiusinstantly shuts down.Any radar that passes
over me is displaced,creating the illusion
that my island doesn't exist.[ Snaps fingers ]
The Transmooker device.How did you know?Your cloaking device
is highly coveted.People everywhere are trying
to get their hands on it.Are you sure
we're the only humans here?There they are --two children,
judging by their size.What is this?It's a miniature
of the island.[ Animals howling, screeching,
baaing, trumpeting ]The center point of
the volcano provides
a gravitational basisfor which
my miniature creaturescan line up exactly
to their larger
clone counterparts.-- [ Trumpeting continues ]
-- So, wherever your miniature
creatures are on this model,it's where the bigger ones
are outside?Correct. I can keep track
of their whereabouts this way.-- See?The two intruder children are
being chased by a slizzard.-- Gary and Gerti.
-- Leave 'em.We have to go help them!They shouldn't be
snooping around my
island to begin with!-- I'm with you, dude.
-- We have to help them.I'm not going out there!
I'll be eaten![ Dramatic music plays ]What a bizarre man.-- Gerti: Help us!
-- Gary: Help!-- Gerti: Help us!
-- Gary: Help!Somebody!What are you guys doing
down there?!That's real funny, clown.
Get us out!We tried to activate
our micrograpplers,but they didn't deploy!Nothing works here.Yeah, we know that now.
Thanks for the update,
carrot top.-- Juni, come back.
They need our help.
-- Oh, I'll help them.I want to get him
back over hereso I can push him
back over myself.-- Hurry up.
-- Come on.Here, Gary.Gimme your hand.Thank you, Carmen.Here, Gerti...gimme your hand.Just wait
till my father gets here.Your father's coming?Where are you
taking me now, Carmen?Hold on.Why are you still hiding?
We're kids, not monsters.What's the difference?Relax.
They're O.S.S. agents, as well.-- Level one.
-- They're Donnagon's kids.Agent Donnagon?You work for the O.S.S.,
don't you?I work
for a man named Donnagon.Who is this guy?-- Donnagon's not interested
in your creatures.
-- Why not?The Transmooker device
that hides your island --that's what Donnagon
really wants.That's not nearly
as interesting.Now that Donnagon's head
of the O.S.S.,he has the power
to take it from you.What are you babbling
about now, Juni?The Transmooker you tookfrom the president's
daughter, Gary.It was just a prototype.The real Transmooker device
is here on this island.It's even more powerfuland can shut down
all technology on the planet.You said
your father's on his way.I think he's coming
to pick it up.You're all liars.Do you really think you're
gonna turn us on our own father?Did your dad tell you
the mission you went onwas just a setup
for Carmen and me?-- Why not?
-- He has his reasons.That's what being a good spy
is all about --trust no one.How to Be a Spy<>--
we've read it.Well, read it again.A good spy makes
no binding connections
with family or friends.Well, I don't believe
in that -- do you?If you want to be a good spy,
you better believe it.My father's a great spy,
so let's grow up, shall we?Whatever my father's done,it's what it takes to play
in the big world...Iike it or not.Come on, Gerti.
Let's go.[ Retreating footsteps ][ Sighs ] He's right.Oh! Why can't you side with me
just once?There are no sides --
you're right,
and he's right, too.That's what
being a spy means.Well, I don't like it.-- Then quit.
-- I will.Yeah, right.-- Donnagon was right-- Their DragonSpy doesn't
show up anywhere on radar.
-- [ Beeps ]I am not interested
in finding the sub.Remember that yearI insisted on doing the
children's dental work...myself?How could I forget?Well...I installed
a nonelectrical tracking devicein their teeth --my own invention.But I haven't been able
to test it,until...now.-- Honey, it works!
-- Whoa...Hard to believe.But according to this...They're in
the middle of the ocean.Above sea level.But where they are on the map,
there's no land mass.-- [ Keyboard clacking ]
-- How can that be?Now what?Something's got us.-- Aaah!
-- What is it?!Your mother.-- Mom?
-- We wanted to join you.Are you nuts?We needed a bigger boat.And we brought real food --none of that freeze-dried stuff
you think's so chic.-- Son-in-law.
-- Yeah?Make yourself useful.Why are you here?We wanted to help
get our grandchildren back!We will get
our grandchildren back.Gracias.
<>Oh, wait.-- You've got something
on your lip.
-- What?-- Ugh!
-- Got it.Uh, Mom...Dad, I am a big girl now,
and I can take care
of myself, okay?And Gregorio and l,
we can take care of
finding our children.No, you don't seem
to understand.This isn't you and Gregorio
simply saving the world again.This time, we all have much more
to lose if you fail --Carmen and Juni.You cannot come with us.It is too dangerous.Oh, you mean, uh,
we can't handle ourselves, huh?May I have
my moustache back...please?If Donnagon really is
on his way......we have to destroy
the Transmooker.Where is it?The other side of the island.
Not easy to get to.The journey aloneis more dangerous than
the Transmooker itself.-- I made sure of it.Show us.You're not going out there,
are you?We don't have much choice,
do we?With those monsters
running around?I don't believe
they're monsters.Maybe you shouldn't, either.-- Well, what should I believe?
-- I don't know.You're always in here hiding.Maybe they
just wanna be with you.Be<>with me?They wanna be picking me
out of their teeth,is what they wanna be.You just gotta show them
who's boss.You're not afraid?First thing
you gotta do is......fall into this pit.How does it work?Supposedly,
they're run magnetically.We should be able to ride over
a determined path.We have to get the Transmooker
before they do.Right.Slizzards.Oh, no.This is cool.Juni!Juni!-- [ Screeching ]
-- I think we should
get off now.Why?Trust me!Jump now!Gary and Gerti.I told you
they were following us.Computer:
You have one new message.Message one...Hello, Alexandra,
it's me --agent Juni Cortez.I'm on a mission...I know I shouldn't be.But I had an idea
for you and your father.Simply tell him
you need to talk to him.Tell him it's nothing urgent,but someday
it might be urgent.And you need to open the
communication lines right now.So give me a call.
Love to hear from you.And right now it's about --Silly me, I forgot my watch
doesn't tell time.[ Snorts ] Heh.
And, uh --Carmen: Something's wrong.
Take the wheel.Gotta go. Good luck!-- Juni!
-- Computer: End of message.-- Gregorio, the signal requires
that you go around it.
-- He won't listen to you.-- He won't listen to you,
Mother.
-- Choose another directi---- He wants to make sure
he loses the children again.If you would only listen to us
and do what we're saying --you're tracking them
all wrong.Ingrid, tell him
he's tracking them all wrong.Mom, Dad,
I have told you before,and I will tell you again --
no backseat driving.-- Thank you.
-- When Gregorio
is at the wheel,
no one tells him what to do.Turn here, honey.Sorry.Okay.-- [ Beeping ]
-- You're sure you're
reading that map correctly?The coordinates correspondto Carmen and Juni's
current position.These are my children.And I will find them my way!!I never understand
a single word he's saying.Never.Not only were we set up,but I bet Donnagon
knew all alongthat you'd hack your way
into taking this assignment.I was wondering
the same thing.[ lnsects chirping ]Juni, open up.What?-- Aah. Aah.
-- Dad installed these trackers
in case we ever got lost.Hurry. Take mine out.And why are we doing this?When we get lost,
who saves us?Mom and Dad.Now, if Mom and Dad
also disappear,who's gonna stop Donnagon from
using the Transmooker device?Donnagon wants us
all togetherso he can destroy the island
and all of us with it.Mom and Dad -- even Romero.We can't let Mom and Dad
find us...or Donnagon wins.-- A big sacrifice.Family is sacrifice.What happened?What did --
what did you just do?We lost Carmen.-- [ Beeping ]
-- A-And Juni?Juni's still on-line.I love you.That can't be.- Okay, okay.
What do we do?I don't know.Maybe this is likethe mission of the spies
who didn't want to be found.You know...if they
don't want to be found,maybe their position
is compromised.Now, Gregorio, don't tell me
you didn't have a backup plan.Ingrid, was Juni wearing
that charm necklaceI sent him for Christmas
last year?He never takes it off.Then we got him.I was worried about
Juni's well-being,so I put a tracer
in his necklace.There he is.Thanks, Dad.Are you sure you don't want me
to take over the wheel?I -- that's funny.-- It's funny.
-- [ Keyboard clacking ]Back to work.Where are we?Well...not far from
the antechamber.I think it's behind us.Don't move.Maybe it's friendly.Maybe it's not.Let's go!It's an underwater cave.We'll have to go
all the way around.That'll take all day.There must be a faster --Wow...What is this place?Do you think
that's real gold?Gross!This is so slimy.I hate mold.I can hear your thoughts.What?[ Gasps ]
And you can hear mine!Our mouths aren't moving,but we can hear
what we're thinking.Say something.[ Gasps ]
How strange.We can only communicate
by thought.-- Magic.
-- Hmm.Think something.Um...your feet stink.I wonder.Okay, this place
is really weird.Let's go.Good thinking.Now, this is more like it.Treasure.Skeletons.Dead skeletons.Is there any other kind?This must've been where
the pirate prisoners
and treasure were kept.This must've been
a pretty special necklacefor them to die
fighting over it.One necklace
to rule them all --Put it back, Juni!I didn't take it yet.I can read your mind,
remember?This land
is ancient and cursed.If you take anything,
you'll doom us both.Let's go!Come on!
I think I found a way out.Which way?I don't know, you pick --
right or left?Right.Wait a minute.Oh, no!We went in a circle.What?Come on.Let's try it again.Come on, Juni!
I know what we did wrong.We've gotta go left.Maybe I should
put this back.Where are
the dead skeletons?Carmen!Juni!!Help me!!Hey, bonehead!Oh, no.Why is this happening?!I don't know!Wait a minute!You took something,
didn't you?!No!
Y-Y-You told me not to!Why would l?Juni!Carmen!!Wait.I'm sorry.[ Echoing ] Carmen!Carmen!You too, huh?Yeah.Where's your brother?Did he get eaten?No. He's out there
looking for Juni.You know he squashed
Juni's bug on purpose.[ Sighs ]
Yeah, I know.Now he wants to squash Juni.Don't you think
we should get out of here?[ Singsong voice ]
Carmen!I'm dreaming.I am totally dreaming.And I'm hungry, too.You like honey-roasted ham
and potatoes, don't you?-- That's what flavor this is.
-- [ Grunting ]Highly nutritious.Packed with protein
and essential carbs.Everything
a growing centaur needs.You're welcome.Well, well, well.
Your friend likes freeze-dried.So does mine.All right, buddy.
Let's kick their butts.-- Heh heh heh.
We're waiting.
-- [ Hissing ]Come on.-- Can't let you bust up
my dad's machine, Juni.
-- [ Growling ]So I guess I'll just have to
bust you up.We can take 'em.Come on, buddy.
We can take 'em.I don't think
we can take 'em!Must try and help them.Must.So, even if your dad is
behind all this,you'd still side with him
over what's right?Right? How do you ever know
what's right?Trust me,when the moment comes,
you'll know.I think that moment's come.Come on!Show 'em who's boss.Show 'em who's boss.I'm the boss.I'm the ---- [ Hissing ]
-- Look out!Forward, go, man.Come on, spidey.
You can do it.-- Yeah!Your creature's lame.So are you, lame-o.It's all over
for you, squirt.Too bad your dork sister's
not here to cheer me on.Ya-a-a-a-a-a-h!I don't want to hurt you,
Carmen.You're so full
of shiitake mushrooms.-- Ooh!
-- Ooh!
-- Ooh!
-- Ooh!Put it down, Carmen.Put it down.Okay.All right.Gerti,
a little assistance here.Don't look at me, brother.
You're fighting a girl.You're gonna lose.Aah!I'm siding with you.Thanks.But just this once.Cortezes.You gonna help me or not?Well, there it is.How do you know?'Cause it's big and weird
and in the middle of the room.Good point.Careful, Juni!If you don't
shut it down right,you can bring the entire world
to an end.Thanks.I'm serious.Well, we have to
shut it down.This turns that off.And that turns this off.He said there's something tricky
about the third switch.Let's see.Too late, Gary.
We got here first.Just stand up against the wall
like a good boyand leave us alone.Nice try, but we brought
friends this time.Romero.What are you doing
outside of your cage?I have no idea.Donnagon.Hello, agents.Warming it up for me?Are you ready to cooperate
this time, Romero?-- l, uh...
-- Good.This should be pain...
and simple.What did you do?He started the Transmooker!You said three switches.The entire world
will shut down instantly.Good going, cheese ball.What do we do?!You must bind together
the three toggle switches.It won't stay up!-- Machete elastic wonder!
-- Machete elastic wonder!Here -- grab it!Give it to me.
Give it!Dad...Give it to me.Give it to me......or else.Give it to him, Carmen.Where'd it go?Where'd it go?!I don't know.The spork took it.Back to its...nest.I know
where the nest is, Dad.I also have Romero's
instruction book.Hey.Brat.Come on!It's just over that big hill.Are you sure this is
the right way?My watch has a GPS satellite,
you dope.Wait a minute.How can this be?When you took out
the Transmooker,the island cloaking device
was shut down.Then what are we doing
on foot?Later, Romero.There it is!Get up there, Dad!
Come on!Okay, Magna Men,we're gonna need a human ladder
starting right...here.Carmen!What?!An agent's only as good
as her gadgets.They're heading
for the beach.Help! Uh!The kid was right.-- [ Beeping ]
-- What are you doing?Trying to remote-pilot
our submarine to the surfaceso we can get out of here.Get on your GPS
and see where Mom and Dad are.This can't be right.This shows that
they're right next to us.Oh, no!That's no way
to greet your grandparents.Come on.Grandpa!Ah, Juni.Come here, come here.Always take this with you
wherever you go,and I'll always be there.I promise, Grandpa.Not you guys!Oh.You don't want to be rescued.You don't want to be saved.That's all right.We thought you might...
you might need us.Go talk to your father.-- Dad!
-- Hey, Mom.-- Come on, Dad. Look at me.
-- Two spies
who didn't want to be found?-- Yes.
-- Yes. I like your thinking.But you know what? Those spies
didn't have me for a mom.-- Come on.
-- Thank you.Hey.I'll always need you.Come on.Carmen Elizabeth Juanita...Come here to your papa.You okay, hon?All right. Information.
Quick.Okay, we have
the Transmooker device,but we need to get off
this island right now.What do you think
we're here for? Let's go.We'll explain it on the way.You won't believe
who's behind this.It couldn't be
any more perfect.This better not be
what I think it is.It's all being taken care of,
all right?Get the Transmooker device,
Felix.Felix?Sorry, Gregorio.A little power goes
a long way, doesn't it?Reprogram this one, Gerti.I want to start by wiping
the Cortez familyfrom the face of the Earth.Uncle Felix, how could you?I'm not your uncle.But we treated you
like family.Donnagon said if I joined himhe -- he wouldn't get rid of me
like he's gonna do to you guys.You can't argue with that.Do you still have power
in your watch?-Yep.Programming complete, Father.Thank you, Gerti.Try remote-piloting
the choppers.Well, Cortezes,
any last words?None that I can say
in front of my children.Not to mention your mother.Let's settle this
the old-fashioned way.Let's settle this
the old-fashioned way.-- Kick his butt!
-- Yeah, kick his butt!-- Uh!
-- Not like that.Headbutt.Sleeper hold.Use his own weight
against him.Yeah.Ah, get up!Do what I showed you
last night!Suplex.-- Even I can fight better
than that.
-- Mom!Triple backflip!Gerti?What did you --Why?Oh, don't even
get me started.Just wait till Mom finds outyou tried to take over
the world again.No.
Please, please, please.D-Don't tell your mother.Please?Uh, hello.Hello, there, Mr. President.
[ Clears throat ]By order of the president,you've been
temporarily disavowed.You're fired.Uh.Looks like I lost this round,
but I'll be back.Hopefully, you're on
the good side next time.We'll see, but......you never know.Don't worry.He gets out of line,
I'll straighten him out.[ Laughs ]
You go, Gerti.You tried to save us.Why?Because you are my family.You know...there isn't
a man on this Earthwe'd ever think would be
good enough for our daughter,but, um...You come pretty close.By order of the president,you are the new director
of the O.S.S.Congratulations.Do --are they --Level one.No, thanks.You don't want it?I'm leaving the O.S.S.I've seen what it takes
to be a top spy,and I think I can be
better use to the worldby just being the best...me.But what about
all the cool gadgets?I got the best gadget
right here.Use number one --
a stylish bracelet.See ya around?Yes.Go ahead. Say it.What?I told you so.Never.Wait.Thank you.You got it, boss.- Carmen!- Carmen!- Carmen!- Carmen!I am not going out there.Oh, yes, you are.You're a spy,
you're undercover,and you have to make them
think you're a pop star.I can't sing.Who can these days?I can't tell you
how many artists have usedmy Machete miracle microphone.This'll make you dance
like Britney Lopez.Hey, what about me?This'll make you play
like Angus Van Santana.Cool.Now get out there and rock!Who?What?When?Where?Huh?When?And why?What, are you surprised
your gadgets work?I just realized I never put
any batteries in this.Man: Action.Back to one.Ready.Yeah, but...Guys, we're looking at light
on her face.[ lmitating Gollum ]
My precious.We're nearing
the destination zone,where all --Woman: No. And then
the next sentence is"The location radius
where all the disappearances."Okay.We're nearing
destination zone.[ Laughing ] The location radius
where all the disappear--Stop!Okay.We're nearing
destination zone,where all the dis--Stop!I know it.
I don't know it.Juni, take wheel!What is[ Laughing ] What is it?Okay, what is it?Man: Okay.Well, well, well, well, whoo!Man, you're not an easy man
to find,you and your island
of Leeke Leeke.I'm Dinky. [ Clicks tongue ]
Winks, that is.Heard you had a wild place here,
and, uh, well, sir,I was thinking
you might be interestedin a little, uh,
business proposition.You ready?Theme park.Think about it.Families on safari,crazy critters
running all over the place.Hey, there, fella.You can see it already,
can't you?Huh?We'd be great together.What do you say?<font face="Book Antiqua" color=green size=14> Thanks For Watching..
Subtitle edited By iMR aka imxpress