How does it feel to be back
on the Enterprise Bridge?Captain Kirk?-Can l ask you a few questions?
-Did you participate in the redesign?We'd like to know how
you feel about being on...Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me.There will be plenty of time
for questions later.l'm Captain John Harriman,
and l'd like to welcome you all aboard.-lt's our pleasure.
-l just want you to knowhow excited we all areto have a group of living legends
with us on our maiden voyage.l remember reading about your missions
when l was in grade school.Really?-Well, may we have a look around?
-Please, please.Yes, sir,
it's very nice to finally meet you.-Demora!
-Excuse me. Captain?This is the first Starship Enterprise
in 30 yearswithout James T. Kirk in command.
How do you feel about that, sir?Just fine. l'm glad to be here
to send her on her way.And what have you been doing
since you retired?Keeping busy.Captain Kirk,
just a few more questions, sir.Why don't we give the Captain
a chance to look around first?Captain. Excuse me.l'd like you to meet the helmsman
of the Enterprise-B. Demora.Ensign Demora Sulu.lt's a pleasure to meet you, sir.My father's told me
some interesting stories about you.-Your father is Hikaru Sulu?
-Yes, sir.-You've met her before, but she was...
-lt wasn't that long ago.-lt couldn't have been more than...
-Twelve years, sir.-Twelve years?
-Absolutely.lncredible.Congratulations, Ensign.lt wouldn't be the Enterprise
without a Sulu at the helm.Thank you, sir.l'm sure Hikaru must be
very proud of you.l hope so.l was never that young.No, you were younger.-Damn fine ship if you ask me.
-Scotty, it absolutely amazes me.And what would that be, sir?Sulu, when did he find time for a family?Well, like you always say,if something's important,
you make the time.So that's why you seem so restless.Finding retirement a little lonely,
are we?You know, l'm glad you're an engineer.With tact like that,
you'd make a lousy psychiatrist.Excuse me, gentlemen,
if you'll take your seats.Yes, of course.Prepare to leave spacedock.Aft thrusters ahead one-quarter,
port and starboard at station keeping.-Captain Kirk.
-Yes?l'd be honored if you'd give the order
to get underway.-Thank you very much, l...
-Please, sir.-No, no, no, no.
-Please, l insist.Take us out.-Very good, sir.
-Brought a tear to me eye.Be quiet.Gentlemen, gentlemen.Now that you've seen
the rest of the ship,how does it feel to be back?-Well, we... Fine.
-Fine, fine.-Fine, fine.
-Well, ladies and gentlemen,we've just cleared the asteroid belt.Our course today will take us out
beyond Plutoand then back to spacedock.
Just a quick run around the block.Captain,
will there be timeto conduct any tests
on the warp-drive system?We're picking up a distress call,
Captain.On speakers.This is the transport ship Lakul.We're caught
in some kind of energy distortion.Two ships in our convoy...trapped
in a severe gravimetric distortion.We can't break free.
We need immediate help.lt's tearing us apart.
This is the transport...The Lakul is one of two shipstransporting El-Aurian refugees
to Earth.Ensign Sulu, can you locate them?The ships are bearing
at 3-1-0 mark 2-1-5.Distance, three light-years.Signal the closest starship.We're in no condition
to mount a rescue.-We don't even have a full crew aboard.
-We're the only one in range, sir.Well, then, l guess it's up to us.Helm, lay in an intercept course
and engage at maximum warp.Aye, sir.Captain, is there something wrong
with your chair?We're within visual range
of the energy distortion, Captain.On screen.What the hell is that?l've located the transport ships.Their hulls are starting to buckle
under the stress.They won't survive much longer.We're encountering severe
gravimetric distortionsfrom the energy ribbon, Captain.We'll have to keep our distance.
We don't wanna get pulled in, too.-Tractor beam.
-Hmm?-Tractor beam.
-We don't have a tractor beam.You left spacedock
without a tractor beam?lt won't be installed until Tuesday.Ensign Sulu,try generating a subspace field
around the ships.That might break them free.There's too much
quantum interference, Captain.What about... What about
venting plasma from the warp nacelles?That might disrupt the ribbon's hold
on the ships.Aye, sir. Releasing drive plasma.lt's not having any effect, sir.
l think the ribbon's hold...Sir, the starboard vessel's hull
is collapsing!How many people
were on that ship?Two hundred and sixty-five.Sir, the Lakul's hull integrity
is down to 12%.Captain Kirk, l would appreciate
any suggestions you might have.First, move us within transporter range.Beam those people
aboard the Enterprise.What about the gravimetric distortions?
They'll tear us apart.Risk is part of the game
if you wanna sit in that chair.Helm, close to within transporter range.Second, turn that damn thing off!-We're within range, sir.
-Beam them directly to Sickbay.-Aye, sir.
-How big is your medical staff?The medical staff?
lt doesn't arrive till Tuesday.You and you,
you've just become nurses. Let's go.Main Engineering reports fluctuations
in the warp plasma relays.Sir, l'm having trouble
locking on to them.They appear to be
in some sort of temporal flux.Scotty!What the hell?Their life signs are phasing in and out
of our space-time continuum.Phasing? To where?-Sir, their hull's collapsing!
-Beam them out of there, Scotty!Transport complete.l got 47out of 150.-Report!
-We're caught in a gravimetric fieldemanating from the trailing edge
of the ribbon.All engines, full reverse!lt's going to be all right.
We're going to help you.We are going to help you.-lt's okay. Everything is fine.
-My wife...Why? Why?lt's all right. You're safe.
You're on the Enterprise.-No, no, l have to go. l have to go back.
-You need to stay right here.-No. You don't understand.
-lt's okay.Let me go back. Let me go back!Let me go back.
Let me go back. Please!-What was he talking about?
-l have no idea.Excuse me.Can l help you?lt's going to be okay. You'll be all right.
You just need to rest. Come over here.There's just no way to disrupt
a gravimetric field of this magnitude.-Hull integrity at 82%.
-But l do have a theory.l thought you might.An antimatter discharge directly aheadmight disrupt the field long enough
for us to break away.-Photon torpedoes.
-Aye.We're losing main power.Load torpedo bays.
Prepare to fire at my command.-Captain, we don't have any torpedoes.
-Don't tell me, Tuesday.-Hull integrity at 40%.
-Captain, it may be possibleto simulate a torpedo blastusing a resonance burst
from the main deflector dish.-Where are the deflector relays?
-Deck 15, Section 21-Alpha.l'll go. You have the Bridge.Wait.Your place is on the bridge of your ship.l'll take care of it.Scotty, keep things together
until l get back.l always do.Forty-five seconds to structural collapse.Bridge to Captain Kirk.Kirk here.l don't know how much longer
l can hold her together.That's it. Let's go!Activate main deflector.We're breaking free.lt's all right.
l'm increasing power to compensate.-We're clear.
-You did it, Kirk!Damage report, Ensign.There's some buckling
on the starboard nacelle.We've also got a hull breach
in Engineering section.Emergency force fields in place
and holding.Where?Sections 20 through 28 on Decks 13, 14and 15.Bridge to Captain Kirk.
Captain Kirk, please respond.Have Chekov meet me on Deck 15.My God! Was anyone in here?Aye.Bring out the prisoner.Mr. Worf,
l always knew this day would come.-Are you prepared to face the charges?
-Answer him.l am prepared."We, the officers and crew
of the U.S.S. Enterprise,"being of sound mind and judgment,"hereby make the following charges
against Lieutenant Worf."One, that he did knowingly and wilfully"perform above and beyond
the call of duty on countless occasions."Two, most seriously,"that he has earned the admiration
and respect of the entire crew."Mr. Worf, l hereby promote you
to the rank of Lieutenant Commander,with all the rights and privileges thereto.And may God have mercy on your soul.-Hip, hip...
-Hooray!-Hip, hip...
-Hooray!-Hip, hip...
-Hooray!-Congratulations, Mr. Worf.
-Thank you, sir.Extend the plank.Lower the badge of office.-Be careful.
-You go get that hat.He'll never make it. No one ever has.Jump!Yes! Yes, Worf!lf there's one thing l've learned
over the years,it's never to underestimate a Klingon.Computer, remove the plank.Oh, no!Number One, that's "retract" plank,
not "remove" plank.Of course, sir.Sorry.Doctor, l must confess,
l am uncertain as to whysomeone falling into freezing water
is amusing.lt's all in good fun, Data.-Fun?
-Fun.l do not understand.You've got to get into the spirit of things.Learn to be spontaneous,
live in the moment.-Do something unexpected. Get it?
-Got it.-Data.
-That was...Not funny.All hands, make sail.
T'gansuls and courses.-Stand by the braces.
-Will.Just imagine what it was like.
No engines, no computers,just the wind and the sea
and the stars to guide you.Bad food, brutal discipline.No women.-Bridge to Captain Picard.
-Picard here.There's a personal message for you
from Earth.Put it through down here.The best thing about life at sea, Will,
was that no one could reach you.This was freedom, Will.Computer, arch.Look alive there.Here, take the wheel.Captain, are you all right?Yes, l'm fine. Excuse me.Computer, exit.-Mr. La Forge, set royals and studsail.
-What's a studsail, sir?You see that last yardarm?
Just above that...-Bridge to Holodeck 3.
-Riker here.We're picking up a distress call
from the Amargosa Observatory, sir.They say they're under attack.Red alert! All hands to battle stations.
Captain Picard to the Bridge.-lt looks like we're too late.
-There are no other ships in the system.Captain, we're approaching Amargosa.Looks like the observatory
took quite a beating.Survivors?Sensors show five life signs
aboard the station, Captain.The station's complement was 19.Stand down from red alert.Number One,will you begin an investigation?
l'll be in my Ready Room.-Sir? l thought you wanted...
-Make it so. Just do it!-Mr. Worf.
-Aye, sir.Mr. Worf, you're with me.These blast patterns are consistent
with a type-3 disruptor.Great. That narrows it down
to Romulan, Breen and Klingon.Over here!lt's all right. Do not struggle.lt's okay. We're right here. Got you.l'm Commander William Riker
from the Starship Enterprise.Soran. Dr. Tolian Soran.-Who attacked you, Doctor?
-l don't know. lt all happened so fast.Commander,
you better take a look at this.Romulans.Data, whatever possessed you to push
her in the water in the first place?l was attempting
to get into the spirit of things.l thought it would be amusing. Spot.ls she still angry?l'd stay out of Sickbay
for a couple of days if l were you.Data, you're not actually thinking
about using that thing, are you?l have considered it for many months.And in light of my recent episode
with Dr. Crusher,now may be the appropriate time.l thought you were worried
about it overloading your neural net.That is true.However, l believe my growth
as an artificial life-formhas reached an impasse.For 34 years, l have endeavored
to become more human,to grow beyond
my original programing.Still, l am unable to grasp
such a basic concept as humor.This emotion chip
may be the only answer.Geordi.All right.Listen, at the first sign of trouble,
l'm gonna deactivate it. Agreed?Agreed.We found two dead Romulans
on the station.We're analyzing their equipment
to see if we can determinewhat ship they came from.And there's still no indication
of why they attacked the station?They practically tore the place apart.
Accessed the central computer,turned the cargo bay inside out.Obviously,
they were looking for something.This could signify
a new Romulan threat in this sector.-lnform Starfleet Command.
-You want me to contact Starfleet?-ls there a problem?
-No, sir.There was something else, Captain.One of the scientists, a Dr. Soran,
insisted on speaking with you.l told him you were very busy.He said it was absolutely imperative
that he speak with you right away.Understood. That will be all.-Sir, is there anything more...
-No, thank you.Gentlemen,
something new from Forcas lll?What?l believe this beverage has produced
an emotional response.Really? What are you feeling?l am uncertain.Because l have had little experience
with emotion,l am unable to articulate the sensation.-Emotion?
-l'll explain later.-Well, it looks like he hates it.
-Yes, that is it.-l hate this.
-Data, l think the chip is working.Yes, l hate this. lt is revolting.-More?
-Please.l'm looking for a Dr. Soran
from the observatory.-Dr. Soran?
-Yes.Yes, Captain, thank you for coming.
Thank you.l understand there's something urgent
you wish to discuss with me.Yes. l must return
to the observatory immediately.l must continue a critical experiment
l've been running on the Amargosa star.We're still conducting our investigation
into the attack.-Yes, l...
-As soon as that is complete,then l will allow you
and your colleagues to return.But until then, there's nothing l can do.Timing is very important
in my experiments.lf it's not completed in the next 12 hours,
years of research will be lost.We're doing the best we can.
lf you'll excuse me.They say time is the fire
in which we burn.Right now, Captain,
my time is running out.We leave so many things
unfinished in our lives.l know you understand.l'll see what l can do.We have analyzed
the Romulans' tricorder.They were scanning
for signature particles-of a compound called trilithium.
-Trilithium?Yes, an experimental compound
the Romulans have been working on.Trilithium is a nuclear inhibitor.ln theory,
it could stop all fusion within a star.However, the Romulans never found
a way to stabilize it.Why would they look for it
on a Federation observatory?That doesn't make any sense.l do not know.Have Geordi and Data go over
with the next away team.Tell them to scan the observatory
for trilithium.Aye, sir.Well, there's no sign
of any trilithium over here.-l get it! l get it!
-You get what?When you said to Commander Riker,
"The clown can stay,"but the Ferengi in the gorilla suit
has to go."What are you talking about?During the Farpoint mission.We were on the Bridge. You told a joke.
That was the punch line.Farpoint...
Data, that was seven years ago.l know. l just got it!Very funny.Wait a minute.
There's a door hidden right behind you.l can see the separation with my visor.There appears to be a dampening field
in operation.l cannot scan beyond the bulkhead.There doesn't seem to be
a control panel or an access port.lt appears to be magnetically sealed.l believe l can reverse the polarity
by attenuating my axial servo.Open sesame.Huh?You could say
l have a magnetic personality.Humor, l love it!Data, come take a look at this, will you?Have you ever seen a solar probe
with this kind of configuration?No, Geordi, l have not. Have you?No, l have not. lt is most unusual.Mr. Tricorder.Just see if you can help me
get these panels open, will you?Make it so.Whoa.My visor's picking up something
in the theta band.lt could be a trilithium signature.-Data, we don't have time for this.
-l cannot help myself.l think something is wrong.Data?Data. Data, are you all right?l believe the emotion chip
has overloaded my positronic relay.We'd better get you back to the ship.
La Forge to Enterprise.-La Forge to Enterprise.
-Gentlemen, is there a problem?Dr. Soran.Yeah. There seems to be
some sort of dampening field in here.lt's blocking our comm signal.
Can you shut it off for us?Of course, l'd be only too happy to.Please. Please. No.Do not... Do not hurt me.
Please, please.Yes, come.Yes, Counselor?
ls there something l can do for you?Actually l'm here to see
if there's anything l can do for you.lt's just family matters.You never met my brother and his wife,
did you?-No.
-Robert.So opinionated.
So pompous and arrogant.He always had to have the last word.But he mellowed a little bit
in the last few years.l was going to get together with them all
next month on Earth.l thought we'd go to San Francisco.Rene's always wanted
to see Starfleet Academy.Rene? Your nephew.Yes. He's so unlike his father.He's a dreamer, imaginative.He's so very gentle.What's happened?Robert and Rene, they're...Burned to death in a fire.-l'm sorry.
-lt's all right. lt's all right.These things happen.Captain, it's not all right.l can't help thinking aboutall the experiences
that Rene's not gonna have,about going to the Academy,
reading books and listening to musicand falling in love,building a life.Well, that's not going to happen now.l didn't realize he meant so much to you.l'd come to feel that Rene was as close
as l would getto having a child of my own.Your family history is very important
to you, isn't it?What?From being a small child,l can remember being told
about the family line.The Picard who fought at Trafalgar.The Picard who won
the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.The Picards who settled
the first Martian colonies.And when Robert married
and he had a son, l...You felt it was no longer
your responsibilityto carry on the family line.Right. Yes. That's it exactly.You know, Counselor,
recently l've become very much awarethat there were fewer days ahead
than there are behind,but l took some comfort from the fact
that the family would go on.But now there'll be no more Picards.Report.A quantum implosion has occurred
within the Amargosa star.-All nuclear fusion is breaking down.
-How is that possible?Sensor records show
the observatory launcheda solar probe into the sun
a few moments ago.The star is going to collapse
in a matter of minutes.Sir, the implosion has produced
a level-12 shock wave.That'll destroy everything in this system.Transporter Room to Bridge.I can't Iocate Commander La Forge
or Mr. Data, sir.-Have they come back to the ship?
-No, sir. They are not on board.How long before the shock wave
hits the observatory?Four minutes, 40 seconds.Number One.-Mr. Worf!
-Aye, sir.Soran, transmit your
coordinates.What the hell's he doing?Enterprise to Commander Riker.You have two minutes Ieft.You hear that, Soran?We've got a level-12 shock wave
coming in. We gotta get out of here!Sir, a Klingon bird-of-prey
is decloaking off the port bow.What?Data, see if you can get to Geordi.l cannot, sir.Prepare for transport.Commander Riker's team
is aboard, sir.Helm, warp 1, engage!You've done it, Soran.Hmm.Wait!l hope for your sake
you were initiating a mating ritual.You got careless.The Romulans came looking
for their missing trilithium.lmpossible.
We left no survivors on their outpost.They knew it was on the observatory.
lf the Enterprise hadn't intervened,they would have found it.They didn't find it! And now
we have a weapon of unlimited power.No, Lursa, l have the weapon,
and if you ever want me to give it to you,l would advise you to be
a little more careful in the future.Perhaps we are tired of waiting.Without my research,
the trilithium is worthless,as are your plans
to re-conquer the Klingon Empire.Set course for the Veridian system.
Maximum warp.He's an El-Aurian,
over 300 years old.He lost his entire family
when the Borg destroyed his planet.Soran escaped
with a handful of other refugeesaboard a ship called the Lakul.That ship was later destroyed
by some kind of energy ribbon.But Soran and 46 others
were rescued by the Enterprise-B.That was the mission
where James Kirk was killed.l checked the passenger manifest
of the LakuI.Guess who eIse was on board.Soran is a name l haven't heard
for a long time.-You remember him?
-Yes.Guinan, it is very important that
you tell me everything that you know.We think that Soran has developed
a weapon, a terrible weapon,one that might even give him
enough power to destroy an entire...Soran doesn't care about weapons
or power.He just cares about getting
back to the Nexus.What is the Nexus?The energy ribbon
that destroyed that shipwas not just some random phenomena
traveling through the universe.lt's a doorway to another place
that we call the Nexus,and it's a place l've tried very,
very hard to forget.What happened to you?lt was like being inside joy.As ifjoy was something tangibleand you could wrap yourself up in it
like a blanket,and never in my entire life
have l ever been as content.And then you were beamed
away from there.Pulled. Ripped away.None of us wanted to go,and l would have done anything,
anything to get back there.And once l realized that wasn't possible,l learned to live with that.What about Soran?lf he's still obsessed,
he could be a very, very dangerous man.Why would he destroy a star?Thank you, Guinan.lf you go,you're not gonna care about anything.Not this ship, not Soran, not me.
Nothing.All you'll want is to stay in the Nexus,and you're not gonna want
to come back.Marvelous technology.This is a remarkable
piece of equipment.-Glad you approve.
-Mmm.lt's not very stylish, though, is it?Have you ever considered a prosthesisthat would make you look
a little more, uh...How can l say? More normal?-What's normal?
-What's normal?Well, that's a good question.Normal is what everyone else is
and you are not.Can we just get down to it, please?
What do you want?As you may or may not be aware,
l am an El-Aurian.Some people call us a race of listeners.
We listen.Right now, Mr. La Forge,
you have my complete attention.l want to listen to everything
you know about trilithium.Captain's Log,
Stardate 48632.4.Dr. Crusher has informed methat Data's emotion chip has been fused
into his neuraI netand cannot be removed.However, she believes he is fit for duty,so l've asked him to join me
in SteIIar Cartography.According to our information,the ribbon is a conflux
of temporal energywhich travels through this galaxy
every 39.1 years.lt will pass through this sector
in approximately 42 hours.Yes. Guinan was right.She said that Soran was trying
to get back to the ribbon.Now, if that's true,there has to be some connection
with the Amargosa star.Data, give me a list of anything that
was affected by the star's destruction,no matter how insignificant.-Data?
-Sorry, sir.lt will take the computer a few moments
to compile the information.Data, are you all right?No, sir.
l am finding it difficult to concentrate.l believe l am overwhelmed
with feelings of remorseand regret concerning my actions
on the observatory.What do you mean?l wanted to save Geordi,but l experienced
something l did not expect.Fear.l was afraid.According to our current information,
the destruction of the Amargosa starhas had the following effects
in this sector.Gamma emissions
have increased by .05%.The Starship Bozeman was forced
to make a course correction.Ambient magnetic fields...Wait. The Bozeman,
why would it make a course correction?The destruction of the Amargosa starhas altered the gravitational forces
throughout this sector.As a result,
any ship passing through this regionwould have to make
a minor course correction.A minor course correction.
Where's the ribbon now?-This is its current position.
-Can you project its course?Captain.l cannot continue with this investigation.
l wish to be deactivateduntil Dr. Crusher can remove
the emotion chip.Are you having some kind
of malfunction?No, sir. l simply do not have the ability
to control these emotions.Data, l have nothing but sympathy
for what you are feeling,but right now, l need you to...Sir, l no longer want these emotions!Deactivating me
is the only viable solution.Part of having feelingsis learning to integrate them
into your life, Data,learning to live with them-no matter what the circumstances.
-Sir, l cannot!You will not be deactivated.You're an officer on board this ship,and l require you to perform your duty.
That is an order, Commander.Yes, sir.l will try, sir.Sometimes it takes courage to try, Data,and courage can be an emotion, too.Now, can you project the course
of the ribbon?l believe so.Enhance grid 9-A.Where was the Amargosa star?Now, you said that when
the Amargosa star was destroyed,it affected the gravitational forces
in this sector.Now, did the computer
take that into accountwhen it projected
the course of the ribbon?No, sir.
l will make the appropriate adjustments.That's what Soran's doing.
He's changing the course of the ribbon.But why?
Why would he try to change its path?Why doesn't he just fly into it
with a ship?Our records show that every ship
which has approached the ribbonhas either been destroyed
or severely damaged.He can't get to the ribbon, so he's trying
to make the ribbon come to him.Data, does it pass near
to any M-Class planets?Yes, sir.
There are two in the Veridian system.Well, it gets close to Veridian lll,
but not close enough.Data, what would happen
to the ribbon's courseif Soran destroyed
the Veridian star itself?That's where he's going.lt should be noted, sir,that the collapse of the Veridian star
would produce a shock wavesimilar to the one we observed
at Amargosa.Destroying all the planets in this system.Veridian lll is uninhabited.However, Veridian lV supports
a pre-industrial humanoid society.Population?Two hundred thirty million, sir.-Picard to Bridge.
-Worf here, sir.Set a course for the Veridian system,
maximum warp.Did you get anything from the human?No. His heart just wasn't in it.We have entered orbit of Veridian lll.-Prepare to transport me to the surface.
-Wait. When do we get our payment?This contains all the information
you'll need to make a trilithium weapon.lt's been coded.Once l'm safely to the surface,l'll transmit
the decryption sequence to you.Not before.Mistress! A Federation starship
is entering the system.What? On viewer.They're hailing us.We're still cloaked.
They can't see us.KIingon vesseI,
we know what you are doing,and we will destroy any probe
Iaunched toward the Veridian star.We demand that you return
our chief engineerand leave this system immediately.There's no time for this. Eliminate them.That is a Galaxy-class starship.
We're no match for them.l think it's time we gave Mr. La Forge
his sight back.Maybe they're not out there.They're just trying to decide
if a 20-year-old Klingon bird-of-preycan be a match
for the Federation flagship.-Perhaps they're on the surface.
-Sir, according to my calculations,a solar probe launched from either
the Klingon ship or the planet surfacewill take 11 seconds to reach the sun.However, since we do not have
an exact point of origin,it will take us between 8 and 15 seconds
to lock our weapons onto it.-That's a pretty big margin of error.
-Much too big.Mr. Data,
how long before the ribbon arrives?Approximately 47 minutes, sir.We have got to find some way
to get to Soran.Klingon vessel decloaking
directly ahead, sir.-They are hailing.
-On screen.Captain. What an unexpected pIeasure.Lursa, it is very important
that l speak with Soran.I'm afraid the doctor
is no longer aboard our ship.-Then l will beam to his location.
-The doctor values his privacy.He would be quite upset
if an armed away team interrupted him.Then l will beam to your ship
and you can transport me to Soran.We can't trust them.
For all we know, they killed Geordi.They might kill you, too.We did not harm your engineer.
He's been our guest.Then return him!-ln exchange for what?
-Me, sir.Me. l will be your prisoner.But first,
you must beam me to the surfaceso that l can speak with Soran.The Captain wouId make
a much more valuable hostage.-We'll consider it a prisoner exchange.
-Agreed.Have Dr. Crusher meet me
in Transporter Room 3.You have the Bridge, Number One.-Receiving the coordinates, Captain.
-Energize.Welcome, Captain.You must think
l'm quite the madman, hmm?The thought had crossed my mind.l know why you're here.You're not entirely confident
you can shoot down my probe,so you've come to dissuade me
from my horrific plan. Good luck.Now, if you'll excuse me, Captain,
l'm rather busy.Soran.Do be careful, Captain.
That's a 50-gigawatt force field.l wouldn't want to see you get hurt.l have established the link.Put it on viewer.lt's working. The visor's transmitting.Where is he?Human females are so repulsive....and some myocardial degeneration.l've removed the nanoprobe,
and l think you're going to be fine.l'll need to run some more tests.
l'll let you know.Thanks, Doc.-Geordi...
-Data, it's okay.l am sorry l let you down.l have not been behaving
like myself lately.No, Data, you haven't.
You've been behaving like a human.You don't have to do this, Soran.l'm sure we can find another way
of getting you into this Nexus.l've spent 80 years
looking for another way.Believe me, this is the only one.What you're about to do, Soran,
is no differentfrom when the Borg destroyed
your world.They killed millions, too,including your wife, children.Nice try.You know, there was a time
when l wouldn't hurt a fly.Then the Borg came,and they showed me that if there
is one constant in this whole universe,it's death.Afterwards, l began to realize
it didn't really matter.We're all gonna die sometime.
lt's just a question of how and when.You will, too, Captain.Aren't you beginning to feel
time gaining on you?lt's like a predator. lt's stalking you.You can try and outrun it with doctors,
medicines, new technologies,but in the end, time is going
to hunt you down and make the kill.lt's our mortality that defines us, Soran.
lt's part of the truth of our existence.-What if l told you l found a new truth?
-The Nexus?Time has no meaning there.
The predator has no teeth.-Where is he now?
-l don't know.He bathed. Now he's roaming the ship.He must be the only engineer
in Starfleetwho doesn't go to Engineering.-Any luck, Mr. Worf?
-No, sir. l still cannot locate the Captain.Data, the sensors can't penetrate
the planet's ionosphere.There's too much interference.Can you find a way
to scan for life-forms?l would be happy to, sir.l just love scanning for life-forms.Life-formsYou tiny little life-formsYou precious little life-formsWhere are you?Finally.Commander, l'd like to run a level 3
diagnostic on the port plasma relays.l think one of the generators
is fluctuating.Fine. Let's do that.That's it! Replay from time index 924.Magnify this section and enhance.Their shields are operating
on a modulation of 257.4.Adjust our torpedo frequency to match.
257.4.They have found a way
to penetrate our shields.Lock phasers and return fire!Deanna, take the helm.
Get us out of orbit!Hull breach on Decks 31 through 35.Mr. Worf, what do we know about
that old Klingon ship?-Any weaknesses?
-lt's a Class-D12 bird-of-prey.They were retired from service
because of defective plasma coils.Plasma coils? ls there any way
we can use that to our advantage?l do not see how. The plasma coil
is part of their cloaking device.Let's get a stabilizer on that conduit.Reinforce that starboard interlock.We need to re-route main power
through the secondary coupling.Data, would a defective plasma coil be
susceptible to some sort of ionic pulse?Perhaps. Yes, yes.
lf we sent a low-level ionic pulse,it might reset the coil
and trigger their cloaking device.Excellent idea, sir!As their cloak begins to engage,
their shields will drop.They'll have two seconds
of vulnerability. Mr. Data,-lock on to plasma coil.
-No problem.-Our shields are holding.
-Fire at will.Mr. Worf,
prepare a spread of photon torpedoes.We have to hit them
the instant they begin to cloak.-Aye, sir.
-We get one shot at this.Target their primary reactor.l have accessed their core frequency.
lnitiating ionic pulse.Make it quick!-Target their bridge.
-Full disruptors.-We are cloaking.
-What?Our shields are down!Fire.Yes!Haven't you got anything better to do?Must have been that last torpedo.
La Forge to Bridge.l've got a problem down here.The magnetic interlocks
have been ruptured. l...Coolant leak!
We have a coolant leak, everybody.Let's go. Let's get out of here.Everybody out. Let's move!
Let's move! We've gotta go!-Quick!
-Evacuate! Evacuate!Bridge, we have a new problem.We're five minutes
from a warp core breach.There's nothing l can do.Deanna, evacuate everyone
to the saucer section.Mr. Data, prepare to separate the ship.Starship separation in five minutes.-We're going straight down.
-Everyone move. Take Corridor A.Starship separation
in four minutes, 45 seconds.All right, let's move him out. Let's go.
Take him out, quick.Starship separation
in four minutes, 30 seconds.Keep moving, everyone.
Keep going.Here we go, Rose, this way.Starship separation
in four minutes, 15 seconds.-Hurry!
-Keep moving.-Farrell!
-Yes?There's no one here with these kids.
Let's get them to the Jefferies tube.-Come on, sweetie.
-We'll find their parents later.Starship separation in four minutes.Now you'll have to excuse me, Captain.l have an appointment with eternity,
and l don't want to be late.The core breach is accelerating, Geordi.
We've gotta get out of here.-That's it, Bridge. We're all out.
-One minute to warp core breach.Begin separation sequence.
Full impulse power once we're clear.Warp core is going critical.-Separation complete.
-Engaging impulse engines.Core breach in progress.Primary stabiIizers off-Iine.
Engaging secondary systems.-Report!
-Helm controls are off-line!Oh, shit!Here we go. Right around this corner!Come and help me. Help me.Just keep moving.-On the ground.
-Everybody on the bed!l have re-routed auxiliary power
to the lateral thrusters.Attempting to level our descent.All hands, brace for impact!-Hold on, everybody. Hold on tight.
-Hold their heads.l'm okay.What... What is this? Where am l?-Surprise!
-We love you, Father.-Were you scared?
-Look at the tree.-l helped decorate it.
-lt took all day.-Say, "Merry Christmas," Papa.
-See the presents?-l love you, Father.
-l love you, too.Come on, children. Let's move
back and give your father some room.-Cup of Earl Grey?
-That would be perfect.-This one's for you.
-Thank you very much, Rene.-Merry Christmas, Uncle.
-And Merry Christmas to you, too.Rene,
can you help me with the table?Rene!Come here.Go help your aunt.Did you get anything else?This isn't right.This can't be real.lt's as real as you want it to be.Guinan, what's going on?-Why am l here?
-You're in the Nexus.-This is the Nexus?
-For you. This is what you wanted.But l never had a home like this.Nor a wife and children,
but these are all mine.Guinan, what are you doing here?l thought you were on board
the Enterprise.l am. l'm also here.Think of me as an echo
of the person you know,a part of herself she left behind.When the Enterprise-B
beamed you up from the Lakul.-Papa, help me build my castle.
-Yes, l will in a few minutes.Papa, thank you for the dolly.
She's very beautiful.These are my children.
These are my children.Of course. Time has no meaning here,so you can go back and see them bornor go forward
and see your grandchildren.Dinner's ready, everyone.-Yay!
-Yay!Mama, can l...Dinner's ready, Papa.Yes, of course.
Come on, Thomas.lt's your favorite.Go on. Go on without me.Guinan, can l leave the Nexus?-Where would you go?
-l don't understand.Well, as l said,
time has no meaning here.So, if you leave,
you can go anywhere, any time.All right,
l know exactly where l want to go.To the mountaintop on Veridian lll
just before Soran destroyed the star.l have to stop him, but l need help.Now, if you were
to come back with me, together...l can't leave.
l'm there already, remember?But l bet l know someone who can.And from his point of view,
he just got here, too.Kirk.James T. Kirk.Beautiful day.Yes, it certainly is.Would you mind?Captain, l'm wondering, do you realize...Hold on a minute.
Do you smell something burning?Looks like somebody was trying
to cook some eggs. Come on in.lt's all right. lt's my house.At least it used to be.l sold it years ago.l'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard
of the Starship Enterprise.The clock.l gave this clock to Bones.l'm from what you would consider
the future, the 24th century.Butler!Butler.How can you be here?He's been dead seven years.Come on, Jim. l'm starving.How long are you gonna
be rattling around in that kitchen?Antonia.What are you talking about? The future?This is the past.This is nine years ago.The day l told her
l was going back to Starfleet.And these are Ktarian eggs,
her favorite.l was preparing them to soften the blow.l know how real this must seem to you,
but it's not.This isn't really your house.We are both of us caught up
in some kind of temporal nexus.-Dill.
-l beg your pardon?Dill weed.
ln the cabinet, second shelf to the left.Behind the oregano.-How long have you been here?
-l don't know.l was aboard the Enterprise-B
in the Deflector Control Room and...Stir these, will you?The bulkhead
in front of me disappeared,and then l found myself out there,
just now, chopping woodright before you walked up.Thanks.Look, history recordsthat you died saving the Enterprise-B
from an energy ribbon 80 years ago.You say this is the 24th century?Uh-huh.-And l'm dead?
-Not exactly. As l said,-this is some kind of temporal nexus.
-Temporal nexus, yes, l heard you.-l, uh...
-Something is missing.Captain, look, l need your help.
l want you to leave the Nexus with me.We have to go back to a planet,
Veridian lll.We have to stop a man called Soran
from destroying a star.Millions of lives are at stake.You say history considers me dead.
Who am l to argue with history?You're a Starfleet officer!
You have a duty.l don't need to be lectured by you.l was out saving the galaxy
when your grandfather was in diapers.Besides which,
l think the galaxy owes me one.Oh, yeah.l was like you once,so worried about duty and obligation
l couldn't see past my own uniform.And what did it get me?
An empty house.Not this time.This time l'm gonna walk up
these stairs, march into that bedroomand tell Antonia l want to marry her.This time it's gonna be different.-This is not your bedroom.
-No, it's not. lt's better.-Better?
-This is my uncle's barn in ldaho.l took this horse out for a ride
11 years ago on a spring day.Like this one.
lf l'm right, this is the day l met Antonia.This Nexus of yours, very clever.l can start all over again
and do things right from day one.l must have jumped that 50 times.
Scared the hell out of me each time.Except this time.Because it isn't real.Antonia.She isn't real either, is she?Nothing here is. Nothing here matters.You know,
maybe this isn't about an empty house.Maybe it's about that empty chair
on the Bridge of the Enterprise.Ever since l left Starfleet,
l haven't made a difference.-Captain of the Enterprise?
-That's right.Close to retirement?-l'm not planning on it.
-Let me tell you something. Don't.Don't let them promote you.
Don't let them transfer you.Don't let them do anything that takes you
off the Bridge of that ship,because while you're there
you can make a difference.Come back with me.
Help me stop Soran.Make a difference again.Who am l to argue
with the captain of the Enterprise?What's the name of that planet?-Veridian lll?
-Yes.l take it the odds are against us
and the situation is grim.You could say that.You know, if Spock were here,he'd say that l was an irrational,
illogical human beingfor taking on a mission like that.Sounds like fun.l have re-routed auxiliary power
to the lateral thrusters.Attempting to level our descent.All hands, brace for impact!-Just who the hell are you?
-He's James T. Kirk.Don't you read history?l've gotta get to the launcher.-The ribbon will be here in a minute.
-l'll take care of Soran.Actually, l am familiar with history,
Captain,and if l'm not too much mistaken,
you're dead.l thought you were heading
for the launcher.l changed my mind.
Captain's prerogative.We need that control pad.Captain, look.Where's Soran?We're running out of time.Look, the control pad,
it's still on the other side.l'll get it. You go for the launcher.No, you'll never make that by yourself.
We have to work together.We are working together. Trust me. Go.-Good luck, Captain.
-Call me Jim.Picard!Get away from that launcher.Now!Did we do it?
Did we make a difference?Yes. We made a difference. Thank you.The least l could do
for the captain of the Enterprise.lt was fun.Oh, my.Captain's Log,
Stardate 48650.1.Three Starfleet vesseIs
have arrived in orbitand have begun to beam up
the Enterprise survivors.Our casuaIties were Iight,but unfortunately, the Enterprise herself
cannot be salvaged.lt has been extremely difficult,
Counselor.Well, then, why did you decide
not to remove the emotion chip?At first, l was unprepared for
the unpredictable nature of emotions.However, having experienced
261 distinct emotional states,l believe l have learned
to control my feelings.They will no longer control me.Well, l hope you're successful, Data.Data, over here. l found something.One life sign, very faint.Spot!l'm very happy to see you, Spot.Another family reunited.Data, are you all right?l am uncertain, Counselor.l am happy to see Spot,
yet l am crying.Perhaps the chip is malfunctioning.l think it's working perfectly.Hello, Spot.ls this it?Yes. Yes, that's it, Number One.
Thank you.l'm gonna miss this ship.
She went before her time.Someone once told me that time was
a predator that stalked us all our lives,but l rather believe
that time is a companionwho goes with us on the journey,reminds us to cherish every moment
because they'll never come again.What we leave behind is not
as important as how we've lived.After all, Number One,
we're only mortal.Speak for yourself, sir.
l plan to live forever.l always thought
l'd get a shot at this chair one day.Perhaps you still will.Somehow, l doubt that
this will be the last shipto carry the name Enterprise.Picard to Farragut. Two to beam up.