Captain's Log, Stardate 8130.3.Starship Enterprise on training mission
to Gamma Hydra,Section 14, coordinates 22-87-4.Approaching Neutral Zone.
All systems normal-and functioning.
-Leaving Section 14 for Section 15.Stand by. Project parabolic course
to avoid entering Neutral Zone.Aye, Captain.Course change projected.Captain, I'm getting something
on the distress channel.On speakers.Imperative! This is the Kobayashi Maru,
19 periods out of Altair VI.We have struck a gravitic mine
and have lost all power.Our hull is penetrated and we have
sustained many causalities...This is the Starship Enterprise.
Your message is breaking up.Can you give us your coordinates?
Repeat, this is the Starship...Enterprise, our position
is Gamma Hydra, Section 10.In the Neutral Zone.Hull penetrated,
life support systems failing.Can you assist us, Enterprise?-Can you assist us?
-Data on Kobayashi Maru.Subject vessel is
third class neutronic fuel carrier,crew of 81,300 passengers.Damn.Mr. Sulu? Plot an intercept course.May I remind the Captain
that if a starship enters the Zone...I'm aware of my responsibilities, Mister.Estimating two minutes to intercept.Now entering the Neutral Zone.Warning.
We have entered Neutral Zone.We are now
in violation of treaty, Captain.Stand by, Transporter Room,
ready to beam survivors aboard.Captain! I've lost their signal.Alert. Sensors indicate three
Klingon cruisers, bearing 3-1-6 mark 4.-Closing fast.
-Visual.Battle stations. Activate shields.Shields activated.Inform the Klingons
we are on a rescue mission.They're jamming
all the frequencies, Captain.Klingons on attack course and closing.We're over our heads.
Mr. Sulu, get us out of here.I'll try, Captain.Alert. Klingon torpedoes activated.-Alert.
-Evasive action!-Engineering, damage report.
-Main energizer hit, Captain.Engage auxiliary power.
Prepare to return fire.Shields collapsing, Captain.-Fire all phasers.
-No power to the weapons, Captain.Captain, it's no use.
We're dead in space.Activate escape pods. Send out
the log buoy. All hands abandon ship.-Repeat, all hands abandon ship.
-All right. Open her up.-Any suggestions, Admiral?
-Prayer, Mr. Saavik.The Klingons don't take prisoners.Lights.Motors on.Captain?Trainees, to the briefing room.Maintenance crew,
report to Bridge Simulator.Maintenance crew,
report to Bridge Simulator.-"Physician, heal thyself."
-Is that all you've got to say?-What about my performance?
-I'm not a drama critic.Well, Mr. Saavik, are you gonna stay
with the sinking ship?-Permission to speak candidly, sir?
-Granted.I don't believe this was a fair test
of my command abilities.-And why not?
-Because there was no way to win.A no-win situation is a possibility
every commander may face.-Has that never occurred to you?
-No, sir. It has not.How we deal with death is at least
as important as how we deal with life,wouldn't you say?As I indicated, Admiral,
that thought had not occurred to me.Well, now you have something new
to think about. Carry on.Engineering cadets,
assemble on C-Level.Admiral.Wouldn't it be easier to just put
an experienced crew back on the ship?Galloping around the cosmos
is a game for the young, Doctor.Now, what is that supposed to mean?Aren't you dead?I assume you're loitering around hereto learn what efficiency rating
I plan to give your cadets?I am understandably curious.They destroyed the Simulator Room
and you with it.The Kobayashi Maru scenario
frequently wreaks havocwith students and equipment.As I recall,
you took the test three times yourself.Your final solution was,
shall we say, unique.It had the virtue
of never having been tried.By the way, thank you for this.I know of your fondness for antiques."It was the best of times,
it was the worst of times..."-Message, Spock?
-None that I'm conscious of.Except, of course, happy birthday.
Surely the best of times.Captain Spock, Captain Spock,
space shuttle leaving in 15 minutes.-Where are you off to now?
-The Enterprise.I must check in before your inspection.
And you?Home.Why, bless me, Doctor.What beams you
into this neck of the woods?Beware Romulans bearing gifts.-Happy birthday, Jim.
-Thanks.Romulan ale.
Why, Bones, you know this is illegal.I only use it for medicinal purposes.I got a border ship that brings me in
a case every now and thenacross the Neutral Zone.-Now, don't be a prig.
-2283.Yeah, well,
it takes this stuff a while to ferment.Here, give me. Now, you open this one.I'm almost afraid to. What is it?Klingon aphrodisiacs?-No.
-Bones, this is charming.For most patients your age,
I usually recommend Retinax V.-I'm allergic to Retinax.
-Exactly. Cheers.Cheers.Happy birthday.-I don't know what to say.
-Well, you could say thank you.Thank you.Damn it, Jim,
what the hell's the matter with you?Other people have birthdays.Why are we treating yours
like a funeral?-Bones, I don't want to be lectured.
-What the hell do you want?This is not about age and you know it.It's about you flying
a goddamn computer consolewhen you want to be out there
hopping galaxies.Spare me your notions of poetry,
please.-We all have our assigned duties.
-Bull!You're hiding,
hiding behind rules and regulations.-Who am I hiding from?
-From yourself, Admiral.Don't mince words, Bones.
What do you really think?Jim, I'm your doctor and I'm your friend.Get back your command.Get it back before
you turn into part of this collection.Before you really do grow old.Starship Log, Stardate 8130.4.Log entry by First Officer Pavel Chekov.Starship Reliant
on orbital approach to Ceti Alpha VIin connection with Project Genesis.We are continuing our search
for a lifeless planetto satisfy the requirement of a test sitefor the Genesis experiment.
So far, no success.Standard orbit, please.Mr. Beach, any change
in the surface scan?Negative. Limited atmosphere
dominated by craylon gas, sand,high-velocity winds.
Incapable of supporting life forms.Does it have to be completely lifeless?Don't tell me you found something.We've picked up a minor energy flux
reading on one dynoscanner.Damn. Are you sure?
Maybe the scanner's out of adjustment.I suppose it could be a particle of
preanimate matter caught in the matrix.All right.
Get on the comm-pic to Dr Marcus.Aye, sir.Maybe it's something we can transplant.You know what she'll say.Let me get this straight.
Something you can transplant?Yes, Doctor.Something you can transplant?I don't know.But it may only be a particle
of preanimate matter.Then again, it may not.
You boys have to be clear on this.There can't be so much as a microbe,
or the show's off.Why don't you have a look?But if it is something
that can be moved, I want...You bet, Doctor. We're on our way.Well, don't have kittens,
Genesis is going to work.They'll remember you in one breath
with Newton, Einstein, Surak!Thanks a lot.
No respect from my offspring.Par for the course.Are you teaming up with me
for bridge after dinner?Maybe. What is it?Every time we have dealings
with Starfleet, I get nervous.We are dealing with something
that could be pervertedinto a dreadful weapon.Remember that overgrown Boy Scout
you used to hang around with?-That's exactly the kind of man...
-Listen, kiddo.Jim Kirk was many things,
but he was never a Boy Scout.Captain Terrell, stand by to beam down.Chekov, are you sure
these are the correct coordinates?Captain, this is the garden spot
of Ceti Alpha VI.I can barely see it.There's nothing here.
The tricorder must be broken.Chekov, over here.Those look like cargo carriers.Hey, give me a hand.What the hell happened?If they crashed,
then where's the rest of the ship?What the hell is that?Botany Bay.Botany Bay?Oh, no!We've got to get out of here now. Damn.-What about the tricorder.
-Hurry. Never mind that. Hurry. Hurry!Chekov, what's the matter with you?
Chekov!Come on! Hurry!Starship Reliant to Captain Terrell.This is Commander Kyle.
Will you please respond, Captain?Captain Terrell. Respond, please.Let's give them a little more time.Khan.I don't know you.But you...I never forget a face.Mr. Chekov,isn't it?I never thought to see your face again.-Chekov, who is this man?
-A criminal, Captain.A product of late 20th century
genetic engineering.What do you want with us?
Sir, I demand to be...You are in a position
to demand nothing, sir.I, on the other hand,
am in a position to grant nothing.What you see is all that remains
of the ship's company and crewof the Botany Bay,marooned here 15 years ago
by Captain James T. Kirk.-Listen to me. You men and women...
-Captain, Captain, Captain.Save your strength, Captain.These people have swornto live and die at my command
200 years before you were born.Do you mean he never told you the tale?To amuse your captain? No?Never told you how the Enterprise
picked up the Botany Bay,lost in space from the year 1996,myself and the ship's company
in cryogenic freeze?-I've never even met Admiral Kirk.
-Admiral?Admiral.Admiral.Never told you how Admiral Kirksent 70 of us into exile
on this barren sand heap,with only the contents
of these cargo bays to sustain us?You lie! On Ceti Alpha V there was life!-A fair chance.
-This is Ceti Alpha V.Ceti Alpha VI exploded six months
after we were left here.The shock shifted the orbit of this planet
and everything was laid waste.Admiral Kirk never bothered
to check on our progress.It was only the fact
of my genetically engineered intellectthat allowed us to survive.On Earth,two hundred years ago,I was a princewith power over millions.Captain Kirk was your host.You repaid his hospitality by trying
to steal his ship and murder him.You didn't expect to find me.
You thought this was Ceti Alpha VI.Why are you here?Why?Allow me to introduce you
to Ceti Alpha V'sonly remaining indigenous life form.What do you think?They killed 20 of my people,including my beloved wife.Not all at onceand not instantly, to be sure.You see, their young
enter through the earsand wrap themselves
around the cerebral cortex.This has the effect
of rendering the victimextremely susceptible to suggestion.Later, as they grow,follows madness and death.Khan, listen to me.These are pets, of course.Not quite domesticated.Khan,
Captain Kirk was only doing his duty.No!That's better.Now, tell me, why are you here?And tell me
where I may find James Kirk.Enterprise to Admiral Kirk's shuttle.You're cleared for docking.
Approach portside torpedo bay.Enterprise, this is Admiral Kirk's party
on final approach.Enterprise welcomes you.
Prepare for docking.I hate inspections.I'm delighted.
Any chance to go aboard the Enterprise.Well, I, for one, am glad to have you
at the helm for three weeks.I don't think these kids can steer.Open the airlock.-Permission to come aboard, Captain.
-Welcome, Admiral.I think you know my training crew.
Certainly they have come to know you.Yes. We've been through
death and life together.Mr. Scott, you old space dog.
You're well?I had a wee bout, sir,
but Dr McCoy pulled me through.-A wee bout of what?
-Shore leave, Admiral.Oh, yes.And who do we have here?Midshipman, first class,
Peter Preston, engineer's mate, sir!First training voyage, Mr. Preston?-Yes, sir!
-I see.Well, shall we start
with the Engine Room?We'll see you there, sir.
And everything is in order.That'll be a pleasant surprise, Mr. Scott.I'll see you on the Bridge, Admiral.
Company dismissed.Well, Mr. Scott, are your cadets capable
of handling a minor training cruise?-Give the word, Admiral.
-Mr. Scott, the word is given.Aye, sir.Admiral, what about
the rest of the inspection?This is Starfleet Operations.
Enterprise is clear for departure.Admiral on the Bridge.-Pre-stage flux chillers, port.
-On.-Pre-stage flux chillers, starboard.
-On.Main stage flux chillers, port.-Enabled.
-Running lights on.-Main stage flux chillers, starboard.
-Enabled.Very well, Mr. Saavik.
You may clear all moorings.Aye, sir.-All moorings are clear, Captain.
-Thank you.Lieutenant?Have you ever piloted a starship
out of space dock?Never, sir.Take her out, Mr. Saavik.Aye, sir.For everything,
there is a first time, Lieutenant.Don't you agree, Admiral?-Aft thrusters, Mr. Sulu.
-Aft thrusters.-Would you like a tranquillizer?
-Ahead one-quarter impulse power.Ahead one-quarter impulse power.We are free and clear to navigate.Course heading, Captain?-Captain's discretion.
-Mr. Sulu, you may indulge yourself.Aye, sir.Does that about do it?I don't think
there's another piece of informationwe could squeeze
into the memory banks.-Next time, we'll design a bigger one.
-Who'd wanna build it?Dr Marcus? Comm-pic coming in
on hyperchannel.-It's the Starship Reliant.
-On the screen, please, Jedda.Come in, please.
This is the Reliant calling Regula I.Repeat, this is U.S.S. Reliant.Commander, we are receiving.
This is Regula I. Go ahead.Dr Marcus. Good. We're en route to you
and should be there in three days.En route? Why? We weren't expecting
you for another three months.-Has something happened?
-Nothing has happened.Ceti Alpha VI has checked out.-Then I don't understand why you...
-We have received new orders.Upon our arrival at Regula I,all materials of Project Genesis
will be transferred to this shipfor immediate testing on Ceti Alpha VI.-Who in the hell do they think they are?
-Please be quiet.Commander Chekov,
this is completely irregular.-I have my orders.
-Pin him down, Mother.Who gave the order?The order comes fromAdmiral James T. Kirk.I knew it! I knew it!
All along, the military's wanted to get...This is completely improper,
Commander Chekov.I have no intention of allowing Reliant
or any other unauthorized personnelaccess to our work or materials.I'm sorry that you feel that way, Doctor.
Admiral Kirk's orders are confirmed.Please prepare to deliver Genesis
to us upon our arrival. Reliant out.Well done, Commander.You realize, sir, they will attempt
to contact Admiral Kirkand confirm the order.Hold, please.Thank you, sir.Lieutenant, are you wearing
your hair differently?It's still regulation, Admiral.May I speak, sir?Self-expression doesn't seem
to be one of your problems.You're bothered by your performance
on the Kobayashi Maru.I failed to resolve the situation.There's no correct resolution.
It's a test of character.May I ask how you dealt with the test?You may ask.That's a little joke.Humor. It is a difficult concept.It is not logical.We learn by doing.Who's been holding up
the damn elevator?Thank you, sir.-Did she change her hairstyle?
-I hadn't noticed.Wonderful stuff, that Romulan ale.-Admiral Kirk?
-Kirk here.I have an urgent comm-pic from
Space Lab Regula I for you, sir.Dr Carol Marcus.-I'll take it in my quarters, Uhura.
-Aye, sir.It never rains, but it pours.As a physician,
you of all people should appreciatethe dangers of re-opening old wounds.Sorry.Jim, can you read me?I can hear you, Carol. What's wrong?
What's the matter?Why are you taking Genesis
away from us?Taking Genesis?
Who's taking Genesis?Who is taking Genesis?-I can see you, but I can't hear.
-Carol...Jim, did you give the order?What order? Who's taking Genesis?Please help us, Jim.I will not let them have Genesis
without proper authorization!-Have Genesis? Who's taking...
-On whose authority can they do this?-No one's authority!
-Jim, please...Uhura, what's happening?Transmission jammed at the source, sir.-Alert Starfleet Headquarters.
-Aye, sir.I want to talk to Starfleet Command.Quiet. We must have order in here.
This has to be some sort of mistake.Mistake! We're all alone here.They waited until everyone was on leave
to do this.Reliant is supposed to be
at our disposal, not vice-versa.It seems clear
Starfleet never intended...-I know that, but...
-David, you were right.I tried to tell you before.Scientists have always been pawns
of the military.Starfleet has kept the peace
for 100 years.I cannot and will not subscribe
to your interpretation of this event.You may be right, Doctor.
But what about Reliant?She's on her way.We have a problem.Something may be wrong on Regula I.
We've been ordered to investigate.If memory serves, Regula I
is a scientific research laboratory.I told Starfleet Command
all we had was a boatload of children,but we're the only ship in the quadrant.Spock, these cadets of yours,
how good are they?How will they respond
under real pressure?As with all living things,
each according to his gifts.Of course, this ship is yours.No, that won't be necessary.Just get me to Regula I.As a teacher on a training mission,
I'm content to command the Enterprise.If we are to go on actual duty,it is clear that the senior officer
onboard must assume command.It may be nothing.Garbled communications.-You take the ship.
-Jim.You proceed from a false assumption.I'm a Vulcan. I have no ego to bruise.You're about to remind me
that logic alone dictates your actions?I would not remind you
of that which you know so well.If I may be so bold, it was a mistake
for you to accept promotion.Commanding a starship is your first,
best destiny.Anything else is a waste of material.I would not presume to debate you.That is wise.In any case, were I to invoke logic,logic clearly dictatesthat the needs of the many
outweigh the needs of the few.Or the one.You are my superior officer.
You are also my friend.I have been and always shall be yours.-Stop energizers.
-Stop energizers.Put me on speakers.An emergency situation has arisen.By order of Starfleet Command,
as of now, 1800 hours,I'm assuming command of this vessel.Duty officer, so note in the ship's log.Plot a new course
for Space Laboratory Regula I.Engine Room.-Mr. Scott.
-Aye, sir?-We'll be going to warp speed.
-Aye, sir.-Course plotted for Regula I, Admiral.
-Engage warp engines.-Prepare for warp speed.
-Ready, sir.I know that none of you
were expecting this. I'm sorry.I'm going to have to ask you to grow up
a little bit sooner than you expected.Warp 5, Sulu.So much for the little training cruise.Course to intercept Enterprise
ready, sir.Excellent.-Helmsman?
-Sir, may I speak?We're all with you, sir.But consider this.We are free. We have a ship
and the means to go where we will.We have escaped
permanent exile on Ceti Alpha V.You have proved your superior intellect
and defeated the plans of Admiral Kirk.You do not need to defeat him again.He tasks me.
He tasks me and I shall have him.I'll chase him round the moons of Nibiaand round the Antares maelstromand round perdition's flames
before I give him up.Prepare to alter course.Space Station Regula I, please come in.Dr Marcus, please respond.This is Enterprise...It's no use.
There's no response from Regula I.-But no longer jammed?
-No, sir. No nothing.There are two possibilities.They are unable to respond.
They are unwilling to respond.-How far?
-12 hours, 43 minutes, present speed."Give up Genesis," she said.What in God's name does it mean?
Give it up to whom?It might help my analysis
if I knew what Genesis was,beyond the biblical reference.Uhura, have Dr McCoy
join us in my quarters.-Aye, sir.
-Mr. Saavik?You have the conn.Well, I've got Sickbay ready.Now, will someone please tell me
what's going on?Computer. Request security procedureand access to Project Genesis
summary.-Identify for retina scan.
-Kirk, Admiral James T.-Security Scan approved.
-Summary, please?Project Genesis.
A proposal to the Federation.-Carol Marcus.
-Yes.What exactly is Genesis?Well, put simply,
Genesis is life from lifelessness.It is a process whereby
molecular structure is reorganizedat the subatomic level into
life-generating matter of equal mass.Stage one of our experiments
was conducted in the laboratory.Stage two of the series will be
attempted in a lifeless underground.Stage three will involve
the process on a planetary scale.It is our intention to introduce
the Genesis deviceinto a preselected area
of a lifeless space body,a moon or other dead form.The device is delivered,instantaneously causing
what we call the Genesis Effect.Matter is reorganized
with life-generating results.Instead of a dead moon,
a living, breathing planetcapable of sustaining whatever
life forms we see fit to deposit on it.Fascinating.The reformed moon simulated hererepresents the merest fraction
of the Genesis' potential,should the Federation
wish to fund these experimentsto their logical conclusion.When we consider the cosmic problems
of population and food supply,the usefulness of this process
becomes clear.This concludes our proposal.
Thank you for your attention.It literally is genesis.Power of creation.Have they proceeded
with their experiments?Well, the tape was made
about a year ago,so I can only assume
they've reached stage two by now.Dear Lord, do you think
we're intelligent enough to...Suppose... What if this thing
were used where life already exists?It would destroy such life
in favor of its new matrix.Its new matrix? Do you have any idea
what you're saying?I was not attempting to evaluate
its moral implications, Doctor.As a matter of cosmic history,it has always been easier to destroy
than to create.Not anymore!
Now we can do both at the same time.According to myth,
the Earth was created in six days.Now, watch out. Here comes Genesis.
We'll do it for you in six minutes.Really, Dr McCoy,
you must learn to govern your passions.They will be your undoing.
Logic suggests...Logic?
My God, the man's talking about logic.We're talking about
universal Armageddon.-You green-blooded, inhuman...
-Bridge to Admiral Kirk.Admiral, sensors indicate
a vessel in our area, closing fast.-What do you make of her?
-It's one of ours, Admiral. It's Reliant.Reliant?Try the emergency channels.Picture, Mr. Saavik.Slow to one-half impulse power.-Let's be friends.
-Slowing to one-half impulse power.Reliant in our section,
this quadrant, sir, and slowing.Sir? May I quote General Order 12?
"On the approach of any vessel"when communications
have not been established..."Lieutenant. The Admiral is well aware
of the regulations.Aye, sir.Is it possible
their comm system has failed?It would explain a great many things.They're requesting communications, sir.Let them eat static.They're still running with shields down.Of course. We are one big happy fleet.Kirk, my old friend.Do you know the Klingon proverb
that tells us,"Revenge is a dish
that is best served cold?"It is very cold in space.This is damn peculiar.-Yellow alert.
-Energize defense fields.I'm getting a voice message.They say their chambers coil
is overloading their comm system.-Spock?
-Scanning.Their coil emissions are normal.-They still haven't raised their shields.
-Raise ours.Their shields are going up.Lock phasers on target.Locking phasers on target.-They're locking phasers.
-Raise shields.Fire!-Sulu, get those shields up.
-Trying, sir.I can't breathe. I can't breathe.I need air! I need air!I can't get power, sir.Scotty?-Uhura, turn off those damn channels!
-Mr. Scott on the screen.We're just hanging on, sir.
The main energizer's out.-Try auxiliary power!
-Aye, aye, sir.Damage report.They knew exactly where to hit us.Who? Who knew where to hit us?
And why?One thing is certain.
We cannot escape on auxiliary power.Visual.-Sulu, divert all power to phasers.
-Too late.Hang on!Scotty! What's left?Just the batteries, sir. I can have
auxiliary power in a few minutes.We don't have a few minutes!-Can you give me phaser power?
-A few shots, sir.-Not enough against their shields.
-Who the hell are they?Admiral, the Commander of the Reliant
is signaling.He wishes to discuss
terms of our surrender.-Put it on screen.
-Admiral...Do it! While we still have time.On screen, sir.-Khan.
-You still remember, Admiral.I cannot help but be touched.
I, of course, remember you.What is the meaning of this attack?
Where is the crew of the Reliant?Surely I have made my meaning plain.I mean to avenge myself
upon you, Admiral.I've deprived your ship of power,and when I swing around,
I mean to deprive you of your life.But I wanted you to know first
who it was who had beaten you.Khan, if it's me you want,I'll have myself beamed aboard.
Spare my crew.I make you a counterproposal.I'll agree to your terms if,
in addition to yourself,you hand over to me
all data and materialregarding the project called Genesis.-Genesis? What's that?
-Don't insult my intelligence, Kirk.Give me some time to recall
the data on our computers.I give you 60 seconds, Admiral.Clear the Bridge.At least we know
he doesn't have Genesis.Keep nodding
as though I'm still giving orders.Mr. Saavik, punch up the data charts
of Reliant's command console.Reliant's command?-Hurry!
-45 seconds.-The prefix code?
-That's all we've got.-The chart's up, sir.
-Admiral.We're finding it.Admiral.Please.Please, you've gotta give us time.The Bridge is smashed.
The computer's inoperative.Time is a luxury
you don't have, Admiral.Damn!-Admiral?
-It's coming through now, Khan.-Reliant's prefix number is 16309.
-I don't understand.You have to learn
why things work on a starship.Each ship has its own combination codeto prevent an enemy
from doing what we're attempting.We're using our console
to order Reliant to lower her shields.Assuming he hasn't changed
the combination. He's quite intelligent.Fifteen seconds, Admiral.Khan, how do we know
you'll keep your word?I've given you no word to keep, Admiral.In my judgment,
you simply have no alternative.I see your point.Stand by to receive our transmission.Mr. Sulu, lock the phasers on target
and await my command.Phasers locked.-Time's up, Admiral.
-Here it comes.Now, Mr. Spock.Sir, our shields are dropping.-Raise them.
-I can't!Where's the override? The override?Fire.Fire.Fire! Fire!-We can't fire, sir.
-Why can't you?They've damaged the photon control
and the warp drive. We must withdraw.-No! No!
-Sir, we must!Enterprise can wait.
She's not going anywhere.-Sir, you did it.
-I did nothing.Except get caught
with my breeches down.I must be getting senile.Mr. Saavik, you go right on
quoting regulations.In the meantime,
let's find out how badly we've been hurt.-Is the word given, Admiral?
-The word is given.Warp speed.Aye.He stayed at his post
when the trainees ran.-Admiral? This is Spock.
-Yes, Spock?Engine Room
reports auxiliary power restored.We can proceed at impulse power.Best speed to Regula I. Kirk out.I'm sorry, Scotty.Approaching Regula
and Space Lab Regula I.Space Station Regula I,
this is the Starship Enterprise.Please come in.Space Station Regula I, do you read?Space Station Regula I,
this is Enterprise. Please acknowledge.This is Enterprise. Do you read me?Space Station Regula I, do you read?
Please come in.There's no response, sir.Sensors, Captain?The scanners and sensors
are still inoperative.There's no way
to ascertain what's inside the station.No way of telling
if Reliant is still in the area.Precisely.What do you make
of that planetoid beyond?Regula is Class-D.It consists
of various unremarkable ores,essentially a great rock in space.And Reliant could be hiding
behind that rock.A distinct possibility.-Engineering.
-Aye, sir?Mr. Scott? Do you have
enough power for transporters?Barely, sir.-I'm going down there.
-Khan could be down there.He's been there,
hasn't found what he wants.Can you spare someone?
There may be people hurt.-Yeah, I can spare me.
-Begging the Admiral's pardon.General Order 15,
"No flag officer shall beam"into a hazardous area
without armed escort."There's no such regulation.All right, join the party.
Mr. Spock, the ship is yours.-Jim, be careful.
-We will.Indeterminate life signs.Phasers on stun.Move out.Jim!Well, rigor hasn't set in.This couldn't have happened
too long ago, Jim.Carol.This is Enterprise calling
Space Lab Regula I. Respond, please.-Admiral, over here.
-Dr Marcus, come in, please.Oh, my God.Please acknowledge signal.-Please...
-Commander Uhura,this is Lieutenant Saavik.
We're all right. Please stand by. Out.Oh, sir, it was Khan.-We found him on Ceti Alpha V.
-Easy. Easy, Pav.He put creatures in our bodies
to control our minds.It's all right. You're safe now.Made us say lies, do things.But we beat him.He thought he controlled us,
but he did not.-The Captain was strong.
-Captain.Where's Dr Marcus?
Where are the Genesis materials?He couldn't find them.
Even the data banks were empty.-Erased?
-He tortured those people,but none of them
would tell him anything. He went wild.He slit their throats.
He wanted to tear the place apart.But he was late.He had to get back to the Reliant
in time to blow you to bits.Where's Reliant's crew? Dead?Marooned on Ceti Alpha V.He's completely mad, Admiral.
He blames you for the death of his wife.I know what he blames me for.The escape pods are all in place.
Where's the Transporter Room?-Did he make it down here?
-It was not my impression.He spent most of his timetrying to wring the information
out of the people.-Anything?
-The unit's been left on.Which means
nobody remained to turn it off.Those people back there bought
escape time for Genesis with their lives.This is not logical.These coordinates
are deep inside Regula,a planetoid we know to be lifeless.If stage two was completed,
it was going to be underground.It was going to be underground,
she said.Stage two of what?-Kirk to Enterprise.
-Spock here.Captain Spock, damage report.Admiral, if we go by the book,
like Lieutenant Saavik,hours could seem like days.-I read you, Captain. Let's have it.
-The situation is grave, Admiral.We won't have main power for six days.
Auxiliary power has temporarily failed.Restoration may be possible
in two days, by the book, Admiral.-Meaning you can't even beam us back?
-Not at present.Captain Spock. If you don't hear
from us within one hour,your orders are to restore
what power you can,take the Enterprise
to the nearest starbaseand alert Starfleet Command
as soon as you're out of jamming range.Sir, we won't leave you behind.Uhura, if you don't hear from us,
there won't be anybody behind. Kirk out.Well, gentlemen,
you can stay here, or...If it's all the same, Admiral,
we'd like to share the risk.Right. Let's go. Saavik?-Go? Where are we going?
-Where they went.Suppose they went nowhere?Then this will be your big chance
to get away from it all.Admiral.Genesis, I presume.-Phasers down.
-You.-Where's Dr Marcus?
-I'm Dr Marcus.Jim!Is that David?Mother, he killed everybody
we left behind.Of course he didn't.David, you're just making this harder.I'm afraid it's even harder
than you think, Doctor.Please don't move.-Chekov.
-I'm sorry, Admiral.Your Excellency,
have you been listening?I have indeed, Captain.You have done well.I knew it! You son of a bitch!-Don't move! Anybody!
-Captain? We are waiting.What's the delay?All is well, sir.You have the coordinates
to beam up Genesis.First things first, Captain.Kill Admiral Kirk.Sir, it is difficult. I...-I try to obey, but...
-Kill him.I...Kill him, Terrell, now.God's sakes!What is it?Khan, you bloodsucker!You're gonna have to do
your own dirty work now.Do you hear me? Do you?Kirk.Kirk, you're still alive, my old friend.Still, old friend, you've managed
to kill just about everyone else,but like a poor marksman,
you keep missing the target.Perhaps I no longer need to try,
Admiral.-Oh, no.
-Let go. He can't take it!Khan.Khan, you've got Genesis,
but you don't have me.You were going to kill me, Khan.
You're gonna have to come down here.You're going to have
to come down here.I've done far worse than kill you.I've hurt you,
and I wish to go on hurting you.I shall leave you as you left me,as you left her,marooned for all eternity
in the centre of a dead planet.Buried alive. Buried alive.Khan!Khan!This is Lieutenant Saavik
calling Enterprise. Can you read us?This is Lieutenant Saavik
calling Enterprise. Can you read us?-He's coming around.
-Pavel?Can you read us?It's no use, Admiral.
They're still jamming all channels.If Enterprise followed orders,
she's long since gone.If she couldn't obey, she's finished.So are we, it looks like.I don't understand.
Who's responsible for all this?Who is Khan?-Well, it's a long story.
-We appear to have plenty of time.Is there anything to eat?I don't know about anybody else,
but I'm starved.How can you think of food
at a time like this?First order of business, survival.There's food in the Genesis cave.Enough to last a lifetime, if necessary.-We thought this was Genesis.
-This?It took the Starfleet Corps of Engineers
10 months in spacesuitsto tunnel out all this.What we did in there, we did in a day.David, why don't you show Dr McCoy
and the Lieutenant our idea of food?We can't just sit here.Oh, yes, we can.This is just to give us something to do,
isn't it?Come on.Admiral?As your teacher Mr. Spock
is fond of saying,"I'd like to think
that there always are possibilities."I did what you wanted. I stayed away.Why didn't you tell him?How can you ask me that?Were we together?
Were we going to be?You had your world and I had mine,and I wanted him in mine,not chasing through the universe
with his father.Actually, he's a lot like you
in many ways.Please tell me what you're feeling.There's a man out there
I haven't seen in 15 yearswho's trying to kill me.You show me a son
that'd be happy to help him.My son.My life that could have beenand wasn't.What am I feeling?Old.Worn out.Let me show you somethingthat'll make you feel young,
as when the world was new.Impulse power restored.Excellent.
More than a match for poor Enterprise.You did all this in a day?The matrix formed in a day.The life forms grew later
at a substantially accelerated rate.Jim, this is incredible!
Have you ever seen the like?Can I cook or can't I?Where is she?Sir, may I ask you a question?-What's on your mind, Lieutenant?
-The Kobayashi Maru, sir.Are you asking me
if we're playing out that scenario now?On the test, sir,
will you tell me what you did?I would really like to know.Lieutenant, you are looking
at the only Starfleet cadetwho ever beat the no-win scenario.How?I reprogrammed the simulation
so it was possible to rescue the ship.-What?
-He cheated.I changed the conditions of the test.I got a commendation
for original thinking.I don't like to lose.Then you never faced that situation,
faced death?I don't believe in the no-win scenario.Kirk to Spock. It's two hours.
Are you ready?Right on schedule, Admiral.Just give us your coordinates
and we'll beam you aboard.All right.I don't like to lose....report, we were immobilized.
Captain Spock said it'd be two days.Come, come, Lieutenant.
You of all people go by the book. Spock!-You know Dr Marcus.
-Why, of course.-Hello, Mr. Spock.
-I'm taking this bunch to Sickbay.-By the book?
-By the book.Regulation 46A. "If transmissions
are being monitored during battle..."No un-coded messages
on an open channel."-You lied.
-I exaggerated.Hours instead of days.
Now we have minutes instead of hours.-They're inoperative below C-Deck.
-What is working around here?Not much, Admiral.
We have partial main power.-That's it?
-Best we could do in two hours.-Admiral on the Bridge.
-Battle stations.Tactical.She can still outrun us and outgun us,but there is the Mutara Nebula
at 1-5-3 mark 4.Scotty, can we make it inside?The energizer's bypassed
like a Christmas tree,so don't give me too many bumps.No promises. On your way.Trouble with the nebula, sir,is all that static discharge and gas
clouds our tactical display.Visual won't function
and shields will be useless.Sauce for the goose, Mr. Saavik.The odds will be even.There she is. There she is.Not so wounded
as we were led to believe.So much the better.Estimating nebula penetration
in 2.2 minutes.Reliant is closing.If they go in there, we'll lose them.Explain it to them.That was close.They just don't want us going in there.One minute to nebula perimeter.Why are we slowing?Daren't follow them into the nebula, sir.
Our shields would be useless.-They are reducing speed.
-Uhura, patch me in.Aye, sir. You're on, Admiral.This is Admiral Kirk.We tried it once your way, Khan.
Are you game for a rematch?Khan, I'm laughing
at the superior intellect.-Full impulse power.
-No, sir.You have Genesis.
You can have whatever you...Full power! Damn you!I'll say this for him, he's consistent.We are now entering
the Mutara Nebula.Emergency lights.Tactical.Inoperative.Raise the shields.As I feared, sir, not functional.
I'm reducing speed.Target, sir.-Phaser lock inoperative, sir.
-Best guess, Mr. Sulu. Fire when ready.Aft torpedoes, fire!Hold your course.Evasive starboard!Fire!Damage, Mr. Scott?Admiral, I've got to take
the mains off the line.-It's the radiation...
-Scotty.Joachim!Yours is superior...I shall avenge you.Could you use another hand, Admiral?Man the weapons console, Mr. Chekov.-Spock.
-Sporadic energy readings.Port side, aft. Could be an impulse turn.He won't break off now.He followed me this far, he'll be back.But from where?He's intelligent but not experienced.His pattern indicates
two-dimensional thinking.-Full stop.
-Full stop, sir.Z-minus 10,000 meters.
Stand by photon torpedoes.Torpedoes ready, sir.Look sharp.Fire!Fire!Uhura, send to Commander Reliant,
"Prepare to be boarded."Aye, sir.Commander Reliant, this is Enterprise.Surrender and prepare to be boarded.Enterprise to Reliant. You are ordered
to surrender your vessel. Respond.Reliant, come in, Reliant.You are ordered
to surrender your vessel.Enterprise to Reliant. You are ordered
to surrender your vessel. Respond.No, Kirk.The game's not over."To the last I will grapple with thee."Admiral, scanning an energy source
on Reliant,a pattern I've never seen before.-It's the Genesis wave.
-What?They're on a build-up to detonation.-How soon?
-We encoded four minutes.-We'll beam aboard and stop it.
-You can't.Scotty, I need warp speed
in three minutes or we're all dead.-No response, Admiral.
-Scotty!Mr. Sulu, get us out of here.
Best possible speed.Aye, sir.Are you out of your Vulcan mind?No human can tolerate
the radiation that's in there.As you are so fond of observing,
Doctor, I am not human.You're not going in there.Perhaps you're right.
What is Mr. Scott's condition?Well, I don't think that he...I'm sorry, Doctor.
I have no time to discuss this logically.Remember.Spock! Get out of there!Spock!Spock! Get out of there!-Time from my mark?
-Two minutes, 10 seconds.Engine Room, what's happening?Spock!-Spock! Get out of there!
-Good God, man, get out of there!-No! Don't! Don't!
-Spock! Spock!Time?Three minutes, 30 seconds.-Distance from Reliant?
-4,000 kilometers.We're not gonna make it, are we?No.No, you can't get away."From hell's heart I stab at thee."For hate's sake
I spit my last breath at thee."-Sir, the mains are back online.
-Bless you, Scotty. Go, Sulu!My God, Carol. Look at it.Engine Room. Well done, Scotty.Jim, I think you'd better get down here.-Bones?
-Better hurry.Saavik, take the conn.No! You'll flood the whole compartment.-He'll die.
-Sir, he's dead already.It's too late.Spock!Ship out of danger?Yes.Don't grieve, Admiral.It is logical.The needs of the many outweigh...-The needs of the few.
-Or the one.I never took the Kobayashi Maru test.Until now.What do you think of my solution?Spock.I have been, and always shall be,
your friend.Live long and prosper.No.We are assembled here todayto pay final respects
to our honored dead.And yet it should be noted that,
in the midst of our sorrow,this death takes place
in the shadow of new life,the sunrise of a new world,a world that our beloved comrade
gave his life to protect and nourish.He did not feel this sacrifice
a vain or empty one,and we will not debate his profound
wisdom at these proceedings.Of my friend, I can only say this.Of all the souls I have
encountered in my travels,his was the mosthuman.Honors!Come.I don't mean to intrude.No, not at all. I should be on the Bridge.Can I talk to you for a minute?I poured myself a drink.
Would you like it?Lieutenant Saavik was right.You never have faced death.No, not like this.I haven't faced death.
I've cheated death.I've tricked my way out of deathand patted myself on the back
for my ingenuity.I know nothing.You knew enough to tell Saavik
that how we face deathis at least as important
as how we face life.-Just words.
-But good words.That's where ideas begin.
Maybe you should listen to them.I was wrong about you and I'm sorry.-Is that what you came here to say?
-Mainly.And also that I'm proud,very proud to be your son.Captain's Log, Stardate 8141 .6.Starship Enterprise
departing for Ceti Alpha Vto pick up the crew of U.S.S. Reliant.All is well.And yet, I can't help wondering
about the friend I leave behind."There are always possibilities,"
Spock said.And if Genesis is indeed life from death,I must return to this place again.He's really not dead,
as long as we remember him."It's a far, far better thing I do
than I have ever done before."A far better resting place I go to"than I have ever known."Is that a poem?Something Spock was trying
to tell me on my birthday.You okay, Jim? How do you feel?Young.I feel young.Space, the final frontier.These are the continuing voyages
of the Starship Enterprise.Her ongoing mission,
to explore strange new worlds,to seek out new life forms
and new civilizations,to boldly go
where no man has gone before.