(LOUD EXPLOSlON)SULU: Stardate 9521 .6.Captain's Log, U.S.S. Excelsior.Hikaru Sulu commanding.After three years,l've concluded my first assignment
as master of this vessel,cataloguing gaseous planetary
anomalies in Beta Quadrant.We're heading home
under full impulse power.L am pleased to report
that ship and crew have functioned well.According to this, we've completed
our survey of the entire sector.(RUMBLlNG)(ALARM BLARlNG)l have an energy wave
at 240 degrees mark 6 port, sir.SULU: Visual.My God.Shields. Shields!(ALL EXCLAlMlNG)(PEOPLE GROANlNG)LOJUR: She's not answering her helm.Starboard thruster.
Turn her into the wave.Aye.SULU: Quarter impulse power.SULU ON INTERCOM: Damage report.Checking all systems, Captain.Don't tell me
that was any meteor shower.Negative, sir.The subspace shockwave
originated at bearing 3-2-3 mark 75.Location...lt's Praxis, sir. lt's a Klingon moon.Praxis is their key
energy production facility.Send to Klingon High Command."This is Excelsior,
a Federation starship."We have monitored
a large explosion in your sector."Do you require assistance?"- COMMUNlCATlONS OFFlCER: Aye, sir.
- Mr. Valtane, any more data?VALTANE: Yes, sir. l've confirmed
the location of Praxis, but...What is it?L cannot confirm the existence of Praxis.Onscreen.Magnify.COMPUTER VOICE:
Computer enhancement.- Praxis?
- What's left of it, sir.Captain,
l'm getting a message from Praxis.Let's have it.(DlSTORTED STATlC)(SHOUTING)This is Brigadier Kerla
speaking for the High Command.There has been an incident on Praxis.However, everything is under control.
We have no need for assistance.Obey treaty stipulations
and remain outside the neutral zone.This transmission ends now."An incident"?- Do we report this, sir?
- Are you kidding?What are we doing here?Maybe they're throwing us
a retirement party.SCOTTY: That suits me.
L just bought a boat.This had better be good.L'm supposed to be chairing a seminar
at the Academy.Captain, isn't this just for top brass?Lf we're all here, where's Sulu?Captain Sulu. On assignment.
Where's Spock?(ALL MURMURlNG)(GAVEL BANGS)This briefing is classified.
Ladies and gentlemen, the CinC.As you were.To break this information down
succinctly,the Klingon Empire
has roughly 50 years of life left to it.For full details,
l'm turning this briefing overto the Federation's special envoy.Good morning.Two months ago, a Federation starship
monitored an explosionon the Klingon moon Praxis.We believe it was caused
by over-miningand insufficient safety precautions.The moon's decimation means
the deadly pollution of their ozone.They will have depleted
their supply of oxygenin approximately 50 Earth years.Due to their enormous military budget,the Klingon economy does not have
the resourceswith which to combat this catastrophe.Last month, at the behest
of the Vulcan ambassador,l opened a dialogue with Gorkon,
Chancellor of the Klingon High Council.He proposes to commence negotiations
at once.Negotiations for what?The dismantling of our space stations
and starbases along the neutral zone,an end to almost 70 years
of unremitting hostility,which the Klingons can no longer afford.Bill, are we talking
about mothballing the Starfleet?Well, l'm sure that our exploration
and scientific programs- would be unaffected, Captain, but...
- L must protest.To offer Klingons safe haven
within Federation space is suicide.Klingons would become
the alien trash of the galaxy,and if we dismantle the fleet,we'd be defenseless
before an aggressive specieswith a foothold on our territory.The opportunity here
is to bring them to their knees.Then we'll be in a far better position
to dictate terms.Sir?Captain Kirk.The Klingons
have never been trustworthy.L'm forced to agree
with Admiral Cartwright.This is a terrifying idea.Lt is imperative that we act now
to support the Gorkon initiativelest more conservative elements
persuade his empirethat it is better to attempt
a military solution and die fighting.You, Captain Kirk,
are to be our first olive branch.We have volunteered to rendezvous
with the Klingon vesselwhich is bringing Chancellor Gorkon
to Earthand to escort him safely
through Federation space.Me?Well, there are Klingons who feel
the same way about the peace treatyas yourself and Admiral Cartwright,but they'll think twice about attacking
the Enterprise under your command.L have personally vouched for you
in this matter, Captain.You have personally vouched?You will extend Chancellor Gorkon
full diplomatic courtesy, Captain Kirk.But a full ambassador
would be better equipped...lf there's no further business,l wish you and your crew Godspeed.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.L remind you, this meeting is classified.(ALL MURMURlNG)l don't know whether
to congratulate you or not, Jim.L wouldn't.We volunteered?There is an old Vulcan proverb,
"Only Nixon could go to China."How could you vouch for me?That's arrogant presumption.My father requested
that l open negotiations...l know your father's the Vulcan
ambassador, for heaven's sake,but you know how l feel about this.They're animals.Jim, there is an historic opportunity
here.Don't believe them. Don't trust them.- They are dying.
- Let them die.Has it occurred to you that this crew
is due to stand down in three months?We've done our bit for king and country.You should have trusted me.MAN ON RADIO:
Control, this is SD-1 03,approach to spacedock. Over.WOMAN ON RADIO:
SD-1 03, you are clearto deliver Captain Kirk and partyto NCC-1 701 Alpha. Over.Captain on the Bridge.- As you were, Lieutenant...
- Valeris, sir.We were told that you needed
a helmsman, so l volunteered.Lieutenant, it is agreeable
to see you again.Lieutenant was the first Vulcan
to be graduated- at the top of her class at the academy.
- You must be very proud.L don't believe so, sir.She's a Vulcan, all right.KlRK: Let's get this over with.
Departure stations.- Scotty.
- SCOTTY ON INTERCOM: Aye, sir?KlRK: Did you find the engine room?SCOTTY: Right where I left it, sir.KlRK: Standby.
Uhura, get me the dockmaster.Control tower reading, sir.Control, this is Enterprise
requesting permission to depart.WOMAN 1 ON INTERCOM:
This is Control, Enterprise.Permission to depart granted.Thirty seconds for port gates.Clear all moorings.Awaiting port gates from this mark.WOMAN 2 ON INTERCOM:
All moorings clear.Aft thrusters.Thank you, Lieutenant.
One-quarter impulse power.Captain, may l remind you
that regulations specify thrustersonly while in spacedock?(TUT-TUTTlNG)(CLEARS THROAT)McCOY: Jim?You heard the order, Lieutenant.Aye, sir.KIRK: Captain's Log, Stardate 9522.6.L've never trusted Klingons,
and l never will.L could never forgive them
for the death of my boy.Lt seems to me our mission
to escort the Chancellorof the Klingon High Council
to a peace summitis problematic at best.Spock says this could be
an historic occasion,and l'd like to believe him,but how on earth can history
get past people like me?(VALERlS CLEARS THROAT)Sorry.You could have knocked.We are almost at the rendezvous, sir.
L thought that you would like to know.Right.Permission to speak freely, sir.
Lt is an honor to serve with you.You piloted well
out of spacedock, Lieutenant.L've always wanted to try that, sir.SPOCK: You've done well, Valeris.As your sponsor at the academy,l have followed your career
with satisfaction,and as a Vulcan,
you've exceeded my expectations.L do not understand this representation.Lt is a depiction
from ancient Earth mythology,the expulsion from Paradise.(SNlFFlNG)Why keep it in your quarters?Lt is a reminder to me
that all things end.Lt is of endings that l wish to speak.Sir, l address you as a kindred intellect.Do you not recognizethat a turning point has been reached
in the affairs of the Federation?History is replete
with turning points, Lieutenant.- You must have faith.
- Faith?That the universe
will unfold as it should.- But is that logical? Surely we must...
- Logic, logic and logic.Logic is the beginning
of wisdom, Valeris,not the end.This will be my final voyage onboard
this vessel as a member of her crew.Nature abhors a vacuum.L intend you to replace me.L could only succeed you, sir.UHURA ON PA:
Now hear this. All officers to the Bridge.Klingon battle cruiser off the port bow.All officers to the Bridge.MAN: Captain on the Bridge.Shall we raise our shields, Captain?Never been this close.The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting
our signal.KlRK: Uhura, hailing frequencies.
UHURA: Aye, sir.Right standard rudder.
Bring us alongside.Right standard rudder.
Z plus 5 degrees.Channel is open, Captain.This is the Starship Enterprise,Captain James T. Kirk commanding.This is Kronos One.I am Chancellor Gorkon.Chancellor, we've been ordered
to escort youthrough Federation space
to your meeting on Earth.Thank you, Captain.Would you and your party
care to dine this eveningaboard the Enterprise with my officers,as guests
of the United Federation of Planets?We would be delighted to accept
your gracious invitation.We'll make arrangements to have you
beamed aboard at 1 930 hours.I shall look forward to that.(MONlTOR BEEPS)KlRK: Well, l hope you're happy.
VALERlS: Captain,there is a supply
of Romulan ale aboard.Lt might make the evening
pass more smoothly.Officer thinking, Lieutenant.Guess who's coming to dinner.SCOTTY: Energize.(WHlSTLlNG)- Chancellor Gorkon.
- GORKON: Captain Kirk.May l present Captain Spock,
whom l believe you know.Captain, face to face at last.- You have my thanks.
- Chancellor.Gentlemen,this is my daughter Azetbur,my military adviser, Brigadier Kerla,and this is General Chang,
my chief of staff.L have so wanted to meet you, Captain.L'm not sure how to take that.Sincere admiration, Kirk.From one warrior to another.Right.This way.
L think you might enjoy a brief tour.(DOOR OPENlNG)- They all look alike.
- What about that smell?You know only top-of-the-line models
can even talk...You men have work?- Yes, ma'am.
- Yes, ma'am.Then snap to it.(SPOCK CLEARS THROAT)l offer a toast."The undiscover'd country,"the future.- "The undiscover'd country."
- ALL: "The undiscover'd country."Hamlet, Act lll, Scene 1.You've not experienced Shakespeareuntil you have read him
in the original Klingon.(KERLA LAUGHlNG)(CHANG SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)(KLlNGONS LAUGHlNG)Captain Kirk,
l thought Romulan ale was illegal.One of the advantages
of being 1,000 light-yearsfrom Federation Headquarters.To you, Chancellor Gorkon,
one of the architects of our future.- Chancellor.
- ALL: Chancellor.(AZETBUR TOASTlNG
lN KLlNGONESE)Perhaps we are looking
at something of that future here.Tell me, Captain Kirk,would you be willing
to give up Starfleet?(SPOCK COUGHlNG)l believe the Captain feels
that Starfleet's missionhas always been one of peace.Far be it for me
to dispute my first officer,but Starfleet has always been
at the fore...CHANG: Captain, there's no need
to mince words.Ln space, all warriors are cold warriors.General, are you fond ofShakespeare?We do believe all planets
have a sovereign claimto inalienable human rights.Lnalien?
Lf you could only hear yourselves."Human rights."Why, the very name is racist.The Federation is no more
than a "Homo Sapiens Only" club.CHANG:
Present company excepted, of course.Ln any case,
we know where this is leading.- The annihilation of our culture.
- That's not true.- No?
- No."To be, or not to be."That is the question which preoccupies
our people, Captain Kirk.- We need breathing room.
- Earth, Hitler, 1 938.L beg your pardon?Well...l see we have a long way to go.We must do this again sometime.You don't trust me, do you?L don't blame you.Lf there is to be a brave new world,our generation is going
to have the hardest time living in it.Captain Spock.Chancellor.- Madam.
- Captain.Well, most kind.(CHUCKLlNG)
"Parting is such sweet sorrow," Captain.Have we not
"heard the chimes at midnight"?(CHANG SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)(CHEKOV SlGHS)SCOTTY: Thank God.UHURA: Did you see the way they ate?Terrible table manners.L doubt that our own behaviorwill distinguish us
in the annals of diplomacy.L'm going to sleep this off.Please let me know if there's some
other way we can screw up tonight.L'm going to go find
a pot of black coffee.The Enterprise hosted
Chancellor Gorkon and companyto dinner last night.Our manners weren't exactly
Emily Post.Note to the galley,Romulan ale no longer to be served
at diplomatic functions.SPOCK ON INTERCOM: Captain Kirk,
will you please join me on the Bridge?Captain Kirk?- Captain.
- What is it?L find this curious.Spock, l'm really tired.We are reading an enormous amount
of neutron radiation.Where?Strangely enough,
it appears to be emanating from us.The Enterprise?Valeris, do you know anything
about a radiation surge?Sir?Chekov?Only the size of my head.L know what you mean.(KLlNGONS CLAMORlNG)(ALARM BLARlNG)(SPEAKlNG lN KLlNGONESE)(ALARM BEEPlNG)- KlRK: What's happened?
- We have fired on the Chancellor's ship.(ALARM BLARlNG)Torpedo Room, please confirm.Have we fired?MAN: 0-6...- Uhura, monitor.
- UHURA: Aye, sir.Direct hit.Confirmed, sir.(TORPEDO FlRlNG)(KLlNGONS CHATTERlNG)(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)We've lost gravity!We are betrayed!CHEKOV ON INTERCOM: This is
the Bridge. Do you read? Do you read?Torpedo bay,
did we fire those torpedoes?Negative, Captain.
According to inventory,we're still fully loaded.(SCREAMS)(GORKON SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Find Chang.(EXHALES)CHEKOV: Unable to confirm or deny
firing of two photon torpedoes.- KlRK: Hailing frequencies.
- Aye, sir.UHURA ON RADlO: Kronos One,
this is Enterprise. Do you read? Over.Repeat. Kronos One...(BOTH SCREAMlNG)(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)(SCREAMS)(SPEAKlNG lN KLlNGONESE)(SCREAMlNG)(GROANS)UHURA:
lt's very hard to make out, Captain.There's been some weapons firing
and a lot of shouting.CHEKOV: She is still listing.KlRK: She's spinning out of control.(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Restoring auxiliary gravity.(SHOUTS)Have you not a shred
of decency in you, Kirk?We come in peace,
and you blatantly defile that peace.For that,
l shall blow you out of the stars.- We haven't fired.
- SPOCK: Captain.According to our databanks,
we have, twice.Captain, they're coming about.SPOCK: They're preparing to fire.
CHEKOV: Shields up, Captain?- Captain, our shields.
- Shields up, Captain?- Signal our surrender.
- Captain?We surrender!- This is Enterprise. We surrender.
- CHEKOV: lf they fire at us- with our shields down...
- UHURA: l repeat.- We surrender.
- ...we will not be able to respond.UHURA: Repeat. Enterprise surrenders.- Are we firing torpedoes?
- L wish l knew.McCOY: Well, it sure looks like it.L'm going aboard.
Spock, you have the conn.L am responsible
for involving you in this. l will go.No, l'll go. You'll be responsible
for getting me out of this.We'll not be the instigators
of full-scale waron the eve of universal peace.L'm going, too. They may need a doctor.- Perhaps you're right.
- Uhura, tell them we're coming,and tell them we're unarmed.UHURA: Aye, sir.Have you lost your mind?L give you my word,
l don't understand what has happened.McCOY: We're here to help.Follow me.(KLlNGONS CHATTERlNG)- McCOY: Chancellor Gorkon.
- My God.- What has happened here?
- You dare to feign ignorance?- What happened?
- CHANG: With a direct torpedo hit,you crippled
our entire gravitational field,and two of your Starfleet crew
beamed aboard wearing magnetic bootsand did this.Aren't you carrying a surgeon?We were until this disgrace.Well, then for God sakes, man,
let me help.L've got a pulse. We can move him.L'm gonna need some light.
Can we get him up on this table?McCOY: Hold him.
Hold him while l stabilize him.(GORKON GROANlNG)l said hold him.(lNSTRUMENT BEEPlNG)KlRK: Sweet Jesus.- Can you...
- Jim, l don't even know his anatomy.(lNSTRUMENT BEEPlNG)- His wounds are not closing.
- He's killing him!(GORKON GROANlNG)(EXHALES)He's gone into
some kind of damned arrest.(McCOY PANTlNG)Come on, damn it! Come on!(McCOY EXHALlNG)He's not responding.(McCOY GRUNTlNG)(GORKON GASPlNG)(WEAKLY)
Don't let it end this way, Captain.Under article number 1 84
of your interstellar law,l'm placing you under arrest.You are charged with assassinating
our Chancellor of the High Council.He tried to save him.They've been arrested.Mr. Spock, we've got to do something.L assume command of this ship
as of 0230 hours.Commander Uhura,
please notify Starfleet Headquarters.Tell them precisely
what has taken place- and request instructions.
- Aye, sir.We cannot allow them to be taken back
to Kronos as prisoners.What do you suggest, Lieutenant?
Opening fire will not retrieve them,and an armed conflict is precisely
what the Captain wished to avoid.We will be able to follow
the Captain's movements.- How did you achieve this, sir?
- Time is precious, Lieutenant.We must endeavor to piece together
what happened here tonight.According to our databank,
this ship fired those torpedoes.No way.L sympathize, Mr. Scott,
but we need evidence.Please accompany me.And if we cannot
piece together what happened?- What then, sir?
- SPOCK: ln that case, Mr. Chekov,it resides in the purview
of the diplomats.The Chancellor of the High Council
is dead!The result of an unprovoked attack
while he traveled to see youunder a flag of truce,
on a mission of peace.Captain Kirk was legally arrested
for the crime.May l remind you that he and Dr. McCoyboarded Kronos One
of their own free will?None of these facts are in dispute,
Mr. President.L have ordered a full-scale investigation.- ln the meantime...
- Ln the meantime,we expect the Federation to abide
by the articles of interstellar law,which you claim to cherish.Kirk and Dr. McCoy will stand trialfor the assassination
of Chancellor Gorkon.Out of the question.Ambassador Sarek,
there must be some wayto extradite these men.Mr. President, l share a measure
of personal responsibility in this matter,but l am obliged to confirmmy esteemed colleague's
legal interpretation.What is the position
of the Romulan government,Ambassador Nanclus?L must concur with my colleagues.But you can't possibly believe
that James Kirk assassinatedthe Chancellor of the High Council.Mr. President,
l don't know what to believe.L'm waiting for your answer, sir.This president is not above the law.MAN ON RADIO: Report back at once.
Do you copy? At once.Enterprise to report back on the double.Do you read? At once.We're to report back at once.We cannot abandon
Captain Kirk and Dr. McCoy.Of course not.VALERlS: Four hundred years ago
on the planet Earth,workers who felt their livelihood
threatened by automationflung their wooden shoes called "sabot"
into the machines to stop them.Hence the word "sabotage."We are experiencing
technical malfunction.All backup systems inoperative.Excellent. l mean, too bad.AZETBUR: Mr. President,I've been named Chancellor
by the High Councilin my father's place.Madam Chancellor,you have my sincerest condolences
on your recent loss.L want to assure you
that this shameful deed will not...Mr. President, let us come to the point.You want this conference
to go forward, and so did my father.I will attend in one week
on one condition.We will not extradite the prisoners,and you will make no attempt
to rescue them in a military operation.We would consider any such attempt
an act of war.We hope you'll be our guest
here on Earth.After recent events, you will understand
if l say l prefer a neutral site,and in the interests of security,
let us keep the location secret for now.As you wish, Madam Chancellor.(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Attack them now, while we still can!Attack or be slaves in their world.We can take whole by force,
what they propose to divide.War is obsolete, General,
as we are in danger of becoming.(KERLA SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Better to die on our feet
than live on our knees.That wasn't what my father wanted.(CHANG SHUSHlNG)Your father was killed
for what he wanted.AZETBUR:
The peace process will go forward.Kirk...Kirk will pay for my father's death.- KLINGONS: (CHANTING) Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk!- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk! Kirk! Kirk!(KLINGONS CLAPPING IN UNISON)lt's a damn show trial.- KLlNGONS: Kirk! Kirk!
- Kirk! Kirk!(CHANG SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)(TRANSLATlNG lN ENGLlSH)The Enterprise fired on Kronos One
without provocation.The Chancellor and his advisers...(CHANG SPEAKlNG)having been lulled
into a false sense of securityby an invitation to a state dinner
aboard Captain Kirk's vesselat precisely 1 930 hours
that same evening.Call your first witness.After the first shot,
we lost our gravitational field.L found myself weightless
and unable to function.Then two Starfleet crewmen
came walking towards me.But perhaps they merely wore
Starfleet uniforms.That remark is purely speculative.
I move that it be stricken.JUDGE: Colonel Worf,
we are interested in facts, not theories.WORF: lf the gravitational unit
was not functioning,how could these men be walking?They appeared to be wearing
magnetic boots.(KLINGONS BANGING)Gravity boots.Dr. McCoy,
would you be so good as to tell me,what is your current medical status?Aside from a touch of arthritis,
l'd say pretty good.(KLlNGON LAUGHlNG)You have a singular wit, Doctor.McCOY: For 27 years, l've been ship
surgeon aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise.Ln three months, l stand down.(EXCLAlMS)You know, l believe that you consumeda rather generous amount
of Romulan ale in the officers' messon the night in question.
Am l right, Doctor?- Objection!
- JUDGE: Sustained.We all did. All of us.- That doesn't mean...
- Was Chancellor Gorkon alivewhen you first examined him?- Barely.
- Now be careful, Doctor.Have you ever, in your past,
saved patients as barely alive as he?L didn't have the medical knowledge
l needed for Klingon anatomy.- l see.
- McCOY: You were there.You say you are due for retirement.May l ask, do your hands shake?- WORF: Objection!
- L was nervous.No.You were incompetent.(KLlNGONS BANGlNG)CHANG: You were incompetent!Whether deliberately or as a result
of age combined with drink,- the court will have to determine.
- My God, man! l tried to save him!L tried to save him.L was desperate to save him.He was the last best hope
in the universe for peace.JUDGE: The witness is excused.(GAVEL BANGS)CHANG: There we have it, citizens.We have finally established
the particulars of the crime,and now we come to the architect
of this tragic affair,James Tiberius Kirk.What would
your favorite author say, Captain?"Let us sit upon the ground"and tell sad stories
of the death of kings."Tell us your sad story, Kirk.Tell us that you planned to take revenge
for the death of your son.- That's not true.
- WORF: Objection!Captain Kirk has not been identified
as the assassin.JUDGE: Sustained.L offer into the recordthis excerpt
from the Captain's personal log.KlRK: l've never trusted Klingons,
and I never will.L have never been able to forgive them
for the death of my boy.(KLlNGONS PROTESTlNG)(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Again. Again!KlRK: l've never trusted Klingons,
and I never will.L have never been able to forgive them
for the death of my boy.Are those your words?Those words were spoken by me.(KLlNGONS PROTESTlNG)Objection!My client's political views
are not on trial here.On the contrary!
Captain Kirk's views and motivesare indeed
at the very heart of the matter.This officer's record
shows him to be an insubordinate,unprincipled,
career-minded opportunist,with a history of violating
the chain of commandwhenever it suited him!JUDGE: Continue.Lndeed, the record shows
that Captain Kirkonce held the rank ofAdmiral,and that Admiral Kirk was broken
for taking matters into his own handsin defiance of regulations of the law.(SHOUTlNG) Do you deny
being demoted for these charges?Don't wait for the translation!
Answer me now!L cannot deny it.- You were demoted?
- Yes.- For insubordination?
- On occasion, l have disobeyed orders.And were you obeying
or disobeying orderswhen you arranged the assassination
of Chancellor Gorkon?L didn't know about the assassination
until we boarded the ship.You still deny the Enterprise
fired on Kronos One?- Well...
- Your Honors, please!And you still deny your men beamed
aboard and shot the Chancellor?WORF: Objection!L cannot confirm or deny actions
l did not witness.CHANG: Captain Kirk,are you aware
that as the captain of a starship,you are required to be responsible
for the actions of your men?L am.And if it should be proved
that members of your crewdid, in fact,
carry out such an assassination...Jim, they're setting us up.
Your Honors...Do not answer!Captain Kirk,
you will answer the question.(KLlNGONS SHOUTlNG)(GAVEL POUNDlNG)As captain,l am responsible for the conduct
of the crew under my command.CHANG: Your Honors, the State rests.Send to Commander Enterprise."We stand ready to assist you.
Captain Sulu, U.S.S. Excelsior."lt is the determination of this court
that the prisoners are guilty as charged.(KLlNGONS CHEERlNG)(GAVEL BANGS)l wish to note for the recordthat the evidence against my clients
is entirely circumstantial.L beg the court to consider this
when pronouncing its sentence.JUDGE: So noted.Captain James T. Kirk,
Dr. Leonard McCoy,in the interest of fostering amity
for the forthcoming peace talks,the sentence of death is commuted.(KLlNGONS CLAMORlNG)(GAVEL POUNDlNG)lt is the judgment of this courtthat, without possibility of reprieve
or parole,you be taken from this placeto the dilithium mines
on the penal asteroid of Rura Penthe,there to spend
the rest of your natural lives.(CONTlNUES POUNDlNG)Rura Penthe?Known throughout the galaxy
as the aliens' graveyard.Better to kill them now
and get it over with.Lieutenant, the torpedo hit
once again, please.(TORPEDO FIRING)SPOCK: Hold.Lt is Enterprise.- We fired.
- That is not possible.All weapons visually accounted for, sir.An ancestor of mine maintained
that if you eliminate the impossible,whatever remains, however improbable,
must be the truth.UHURA: What exactly does that mean?Lt means that if we cannot
have fired those torpedoes,someone else did.Well, they did not fire on themselves,
and there were no other ships present.There was
an enormous neutron energy surge.Not from us!A neutron surge that big
could only be produced by another ship.Kronos One?Too far away.Very near us. Possibly beneath us.Lf there were a ship beneath us,
the Klingons would have seen her.Would they?- A bird-of-prey.
- A bird-of-prey.Cloaked?A bird-of-prey cannot fire
when she's cloaked.All things being equal, Mr. Scott,
l would agree.However, things are not equal.This one can.VALERlS:
We must inform Starfleet Command.Lnform them of what,
a new weapon that is invisible?Raving lunatics,
that's what they'll call us.They'll say that we're so desperate
to exonerate the Captainthat we'll say anything.And they would be correct.
We have no evidence,only a theory
which happens to fit the facts.Assuming you're right, Mr. Spock,why would they fire
on their own president?Lndeed.This ship will be searched
from bow to stern.Lieutenant Valeris, you'll be in charge.VALERlS: Aye, sir.
CHEKOV: l do not understand.Lf there was a ship underneath us,surely the assassins
beamed aboard from that vessel,not Enterprise.You're forgetting something,
Mr. Chekov.According to our databanks,
this ship fired those torpedoes.Lf we did, the killers are here.Lf we did not,
whoever altered the databanks is here.Ln either case,
what we are looking for is here.What are we looking for, sir?Lieutenant?Two pairs of gravity boots.(THUNDERCLAPS)(KLlNGONS SHOUTlNG)(ROARlNG)(BEEPS)KLlNGON:
This is the gulag Rura Penthe.There is no stockade, no guard tower,no electronic frontier.Only a magnetic shield
prevents beaming.Punishment means exile
from prison to the surface.On the surface, nothing can survive.(GROWLlNG)(GROANlNG)Work well and you will be treated well.Work badly and you will die.(KLlNGON ORDERlNG)(GROWLlNG)(KLlNGONS CHATTERlNG)(SHOUTS)(WHlP LASHlNG)(ALlENS SPEAKlNG
lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)Oh, my God.(SPEAKlNG lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)The universal translator's
been confiscated.(CONTlNUES SPEAKlNG
lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)l'm sorry?He's definitely on about something, Jim.(SHOUTlNG lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)lf this is your spot, we'll move on.He wants your obedience
to the brotherhood of aliens.- He's got it.
- And your coat.L'm afraid not. Besides, it wouldn't fit.(SPEAKlNG lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)(MARTlA SPEAKlNG
lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)KlRK: Thanks.This will help keep you warm.L'm Martia.
You're Kirk and McCoy, l presume.How'd you know that?We don't get many
presidential assassins.- We didn't kill Gorkon.
- Of course not,- but there is a reward for your death.
- Lt figures.We've been set up all along.Somebody up there
wants you out of the way.MAN: Nothing in here.
WOMAN: Nothing here.- Any progress?
- None.We have a crew of 300
turning their own quarters inside out,but the killers may still be among them.Surely they have disposed
of these boots by now.Would it not have been logical
to have left them on Gorkon's ship?Even logic must give way to physics.Gravity had not been restored
by the time they escaped.Without the boots,they would have floated off
the Klingon transporter pads.Why not simply vaporize them?Like this?(MAN EXCLAlMlNG)(ALARM BLARlNG)(ALARM STOPS)At ease.As you know, Commander Chekov,
no one can fire an unauthorized phaseraboard a starship.Suppose when they returned,
they threw the boots into the refuse.L'm having the refuse searched.
Lf my surmise is correct,those boots will cling
to the killers' neckslike a pair of Tiberian bats.They could not
make their escape without them,nor can they simply throw them
out the window for all to see.- Those boots are here somewhere.
- Did someone fire off a phaser?Lt's all right. lt's nothing. lt's nothing.Mr. Spock, Starfleet is screaming for us
to return to port.- Who fired that...
- Mr. Scott.L understand you're having difficulty
with the warp drive.How much time
do you require for repair?There's nothing wrong
with the bloody thing.Mr. Scott, if we return to spacedock,the assassins will surely find a wayto dispose
of their incriminating footwear,and we will never see
the Captain or Dr. McCoy alive again.- lt could take weeks, sir.
- SPOCK: Thank you, Mr. Scott.Valeris, please inform
Starfleet Command- our warp drive is inoperative.
- A lie?An error.You understand we have lost all contact
with the Captain and Dr. McCoy.Yes. At the moment, they're surrounded
by a magnetic shield.However, if l know the Captain,
by this time,he is deep into planning his escape.(PUNCHlNG)(GROANlNG)(GROWLlNG)(LAUGHlNG)You got him, Jim!
You got him where you want him!(KlRK SCREAMlNG)(PRlSONERS CHEERlNG)(WARDEN LAUGHlNG)(FlGHTER GROANlNG)(GRUNTlNG)(PRlSONERS CHEERlNG)(CHEERlNG STOPS)(GROANlNG lN PAlN)(CHUCKLlNG)- You all right, Jim?
- L think so.MARTlA: They'll respect you now.That's a comfort.- l was lucky that thing had knees.
- That was not his knee.Not everybody keeps their genitals
in the same place, Captain.Anything you want to tell me?Bones, why don't you see
what you can do for him?Let him know
we're not holding a grudge.Suppose he's holding a grudge?When whoever it is makes their move,
you won't be here to ask if he's the one.- Do you want to get out of here?
- There's gotta be a way.(PRlSONERS SNORlNG)(SlGHlNG) Three months
before retirement. What a way to finish.- We're not finished.
- No? Speak for yourself.One day, one night, Kobayashi Maru.Bones, are you afraid of the future?L believe that was the general idea
that l was trying to convey.L don't mean this future.- What is this, multiple choice?
- Some people are afraidof what might happen.L was terrified.What terrified you, specifically?No more neutral zone.L was used to hating Klingons.(SCOFFS)lt never even occurred to me
to take Gorkon at his word.Spock was right.Try not to be too hard on yourself.
We all felt exactly the same.No.Somebody felt a lot worse.L'm beginning to understand why.Well, if you've got any bright ideas,
now's the time.Time's the problem.
You and l are nothing.But you heard the judge.
The peace conference is on again.Whoever killed Gorkon is bound
to attempt another assassination.Unless we can get out of here.(PRlSONER GRUNTlNG)(CHAlNS JlNGLlNG)(KlRK GASPS)Kirk, it's me, Martia.Listen, no one has ever escaped
from Rura Penthe.- Except us.
- (WHlSPERlNG) lt is possible.- l know how to get outside the shield.
- How do we fit in?Getting outside the shield is easy,but after that, it's up to you to get us
off the surface before we freeze.Can you?- lt's possible.
- L can't make it alone,and you're likeliest candidate
to come in this hellhole for months.Candidate for what?Go to lift seven in the morning
for mining duty.L'll see you there. Don't disappoint me.- What is it with you, anyway?
- Still think we're finished?More than ever.- l'm sorry to wake you, sir.
- What is it?Starfleet urgently requests
any data we haveon the whereabouts of Enterprise.What?Well, apparently, they're refusing
to acknowledge signalto return to spacedock, sir.Signal Starfleet that we have no idea
location Enterprise.Sir?- You have hearing problems, mister?
- No, sir.(BEEPlNG)Klingon blood.CHEKOV: They must have walked
through it when it was floatingand tracked it back here.This is the first evidence
which corroborates our theory.Now we go to Starfleet.Now we expand our search
to include uniforms.All uniforms?WOMAN: Take those out.(BEEPlNG)MAN 1: Continue scanning.
MAN 2: Nothing, sir.MAN 3: Clear, sir.MAN 4: Coming through.
Coming through.MAN 5: Computer well seven clear.MAN 6: Nothing. Nothing.MAN 7: Okay, let's see what we got.
Nothing. Nothing so far.Sir! Sir!(HORN BLOWlNG)(KLlNGON SHOUTlNG)(HORN CONTlNUES BLOWlNG)l think we've been had.(lN MARTlA'S VOlCE)
No, you weren't, Doctor.Get off at the first level.
Follow the gang into the mine.They don't take girls.(MARTlA CHUCKLES)You are Crewman Dax?Yes, Commander. What is the problem?Perhaps you know
Russian epic of Cinderella?Lf shoe fits, wear it.SPOCK: Mr. Chekov.MARTlA: Watch me.What kind of creature is this?
Last night, you two were...KlRK: Don't remind me.MARTlA: Get in.(KLlNGONS CHATTERlNG)(MARTlA GREETlNG
lN ALlEN LANGUAGE)(SHUSHlNG)(lN MARTlA'S VOlCE)
Come on. We don't have a lot of time.(WHlSPERlNG) Hurry.Up there.Come on, climb.Here. You'll need these. Quickly!Stay close.UHURA: There they are.SPOCK: They're emerging
from the beaming shield.- Mr. Scott, start your engines.
- Aye, aye, sir.Mr. Chekov, set course for Rura Penthe.Mr. Spock, Rura Penthe
is deep inside the Klingon frontier.- lf we are discovered...
- Quite correct, Mr. Chekov.What is required now
is a feat of linguistic legerdemainand a degree of intrepiditybefore the Captain and Dr. McCoy
freeze to death.(GRUNTlNG)- Leave me. l'm finished.
- KlRK: No!Bones, l'm wearing a viridium patch
on my back.Spock slapped it there
just before we went on Gorkon's ship.- Why, that cunning little Vulcan.
- Come on. We're in the clear.KlRK: Now that we're outside the shield,they'll be able to locate us
two sectors away.McCOY: lf they're even looking for us.(BEEPlNG)(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)This is listening post Morska.What ship is that? Over.CHEKOV: We must respond personally.A universal translator
would be recognized.(REPEATlNG QUESTlON)(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)We am thy freighter Ursva.Six weeks out ofKronos.(QUESTlONlNG lN KLlNGONESE)(CONTINUES QUESTIONING)What is your destination? Over.We is condemning food,things and supplies.Don't catch any bugs!(ALL LAUGHlNG FORCEFULLY)Would you mind explaining
that little trick you do?- l'm a chameloid.
- L've heard about you.Shapeshifters.- l thought you were mythical.
- Give a girl a chance, Captain.- lt takes a lot of effort.
- L don't doubt it.Stop me if l'm wrong,but do we have any way of knowing
whether this is the real you?L thought l would assume
a pleasing shape.We're outside the shield.
Now it's your turn, Captain.Lf you say so.Are you crazy?She didn't need our help
getting anywhere.Where'd you get
these convenient clothes?Don't tell me that flare
is standard prison issue.Lt's to let them know where we are.
Ask her what she's getting in return.A full pardon,which doesn't cover this.An accident wasn't good enough.
Come on, Spock.Good enough for one.
Two would have looked suspicious.Killed while attempting escape.
Now that's convincing for both.Surprise!- Your friends are late.
- They'll be along.- l can't believe l kissed you.
- Must have been your lifelong ambition.Lsn't it about time
you became something else?L like it here.(GROWLlNG)KLlNGON: Well, well, well.What took you so long?- Kill him. He's the one.
- Not me, you idiot. Him!- No witnesses.
- Killed while trying to escape.McCOY: Damn clever, if you ask me.
KlRK: lt's a classic.- That's what he wanted.
- Who? Who wanted us killed?Since you're all going to die anyway,
why not tell you?His name is...Damn it to hell! Of all the... Son of a...- Couldn't you have waited two seconds?
- SPOCK: Captain?KlRK: He was just about to explain
the whole thing.You want to go back?- Absolutely not!
- Lt's cold.UHURA ON PA: This is the Bridge.
We are still in Klingon space.Deck 9, remain at battle stations.
Deck 9, remain at battle stations.(RATTLlNG)(SPEAKING KLINGONESE)They were beamed aboard
a Federation starship.L could trace...Escaped.Kirk cannot know the location
of the peace conference.Are you sure?Will you take that chance?Helmsman, make course
to intercept Enterprise.The Klingons have a new weapon,a bird-of-prey that can fire
when cloaked.- She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.
- So that's it.Not entirely. l have reason to believe
that Gorkon's murderers- are aboard this vessel.
- L have a thought about that.Has the peace conference begun?Who knows?
They're keeping the location secret.- There's always something.
- SCOTTY: Captain!Mr. Spock! l found the missing uniforms
with the Klingon blood on them.But the uniforms belong
to these two men,Burke and Samno.Not anymore.
Phaser on stun at close range.First rule of assassination,
kill the assassins.- Now we're back to square one.
- Can l talk to you?L wonder why they weren't vaporized.Lt would set off the alarm.(BOTH WHlSPERlNG)lt's possible.UHURA ON PA: Now hear this.
Now hear this. Court reporter to sickbay.Code Blue. Urgent.
Statements to be taken at oncefrom yeomen Burke and Samno.
Repeat. Court reporter to sickbay.Code Blue. Urgent.
Statements to be taken.Repeat. Statements to be taken
from yeomen Burke and Samno.You have to shoot.Lf you are logical, you have to shoot.L do not want to.What you want is irrelevant.
What you've chosen is at hand.L'd just as soon you didn't.The operation is over.L did not fire. You cannot prove anything.Yes, l can. At my trial,
my personal log was used against me.How long did you wait outside
my quarters before l noticed you?You knew?L tried to tell you,
but you would not listen.Neither of us was hearing
very well that night, Lieutenant.There were things l tried to tell you
about having faith.You have betrayed the Federation.All of you.And what do you think
you've been doing?Saving Starfleet.
Klingons cannot be trusted.Sir.You said so yourself.
They killed your son.Did you not wish Gorkon dead?
"Let them die," you said.Did l misinterpret you?And you were right.They conspired with us
to assassinate their own chancellor.How trustworthy can they be?Klingons and Federation members
conspiring together?Who is "us"?Everyone who stands
to lose from peace.- Names, Lieutenant.
- My comrades will make certainall your ship-to-shore transmissions
are jammed.Names, Lieutenant.L do not remember.A lie?A choice.Spock?(HEART BEATlNG)Admiral Cartwright.CHEKOV: From Starfleet?Who else?- General...
- General...- ...Chang.
- ...Chang.KlRK: Who else?- Romulan...
- Romulan...- ...Ambassador...
- ...Ambassador...- ...Nanclus.
- ...Nanclus.KlRK: Where is the peace conference?Where is the peace conference?(GROANlNG)(HEARTBEAT FADES)She does not know.Then we're dead.L've been dead before.
Contact Excelsior.- She'll have the coordinates.
- UHURA: l've already got him, sir.(MONlTOR BEEPS)Standing by, Captain Kirk.KlRK: Sulu!You realize that by even talking to us,
you're violating regulations.I'm sorry, Captain.
Your message is breaking up.Bless you, Sulu.
Where is the peace conference?They're going to attempt
another assassination.The conference is at Camp Khitomer,
near the Romulan border.L'm sending the exact coordinates
on a coded frequency.L'm afraid
we're gonna need more than that.There's a bird-of-prey
on the lookout for us,and she can fire while cloaked.Surely not.Hold on.
How many of those things are there?Come on, Lieutenant.- Just the prototype.
- You hear that?L'm getting underway now,
but we're now in Alpha Quadrant.The chances of our reaching
the conference in time are slim.When does this conference start?According to my information, today.Thank you, Captain Sulu.Don't mention it, Captain Kirk.Spock?SPOCK: l prefer it dark.Dining on ashes?You were right.Lt was arrogant presumption on my part
that got us into this situation.You and the doctor
might have been killed.The night is young.You said it yourself. lt was logical.
Peace is worth a few personal risks.You're a great one for logic.L'm a great one for rushing in
where angels fear to tread.We're both extremists.Reality is probably
somewhere in between.L couldn't get past the death of my son.L was prejudiced
by her accomplishments as a Vulcan.Gorkon had to die before l understood
how prejudiced l was.Ls it possible that we two, you and l,have grown so old and so inflexiblethat we have outlived our usefulness?Would that constitute a joke?Don't crucify yourself.
Lt wasn't your fault.L was responsible.- For no actions but your own.
- That is not what you said at your trial.That was as captain of the ship.
Human beings...But, Captain, we both know
that l am not human.Spock, you want to know something?
Everybody's human.L find that remark insulting.Come on. l need you.FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
Madam Chancellor,members of the Diplomatic Corps,
honored guests,the United Federation of Planets
welcomes you to Camp Khitomer.KlRK: She's out here somewhere.CHEKOV: But if she is cloaked...KlRK: Then all we have
is a neutron radiation surge,and by the time we're close enough
to record it, we're ashes.SPOCK: 209.206.203.Close enough to beam down?SPOCK:
Not yet, Captain. ln two minutes. 1 58.KlRK:
Go to impulse power for Khitomer orbit.MAN: Aye, sir.Let us redefine progress to mean
thatjust because we can do a thing,it does not necessarily follow
that we must do that thing.- KlRK: Uhura?
- Nothing, Captain.Lf she's here,
she's rigged for silent running.SPOCK ON PA: Coming up on
transporter range in 57 seconds.Transporter Room,
stand by to beam down.53...48 seconds.44...(MONlTOR BEEPS)CHANG: I can see you, Kirk.Chang.Can you see me?Now, be honest, Captain.
Warrior to warrior,you do prefer it this way, don't you?
As it was meant to be.No peace in our time."Once more unto the breach,
dear friends."(CHANG SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)(CREW SHOUTlNG)- This is fun.
- Reverse engines. All astern.One and a half impulse power.
Back off! Back off!(SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)What's she doing?What's she waiting for?Probably attempting to ascertain
why we are reversing,wondering whether we detect her.Lncoming!- ln range?
- Not yet, sir.Come on. Come on.- She'll fly apart.
- Fly her apart, then!AZETBUR ON MICROPHONE: Many
speculated about my father's motives.There were those who said
he was an idealist.Others said he had no choice.Lf Praxis had not exploded,
then quite possibly his idealismwould not have found expression.
We are a proud race,and we are here because
we intend to go on being proud.(ALL CLAPPlNG)KlRK: Go to auxiliary power!SPOCK:
Auxiliary circuits destroyed, Captain.CHANG: "Tickle us, do we not laugh?
Prick us, do we not bleed?"Wrong us,"shall we not revenge?"Gas.Gas, Captain. Under impulse power,
she expends fuel like any other vessel.We call it plasma,
but whatever the Klingon designation,it is merely ionized gas.Well, what about all
of that equipment we're carryingto catalogue gaseous anomalies?- Well, the thing's gotta have a tailpipe.
- Doctor, would you care to assist me- in performing surgery on a torpedo?
- Fascinating.(TORPEDO WHOOSHlNG)Hard to starboard!FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
The proposed agenda is as follows.The total evacuation of Kronoshas been calculated
within the 50 Earth-year-time span.Phase one, preparation for evacuation.(CREW GRUNTlNG)MAN: Come on, reach up!(ALARM BEEPlNG)Captain! She's packing quite a wallop!
Shields weakening!Shields up. All right.Now we've given them
something else to shoot at.MAN: Aye, sir.(CHANG EXCLAlMS DELlGHTEDLY)The game's afoot, huh?Excelsior's been hit.CHANG:
"Our revels now are ended," Kirk."Cry 'Havoc!'
and let slip the dogs of war."Bones, where's my torpedo?Bet you wish you'd stood in bed.MAN: Emergency power!
Gravity control down!SCOTTY: Shields collapsing!SPOCK:
The key, please, Doctor. Time is short.The hull has been compromised.McCOY: l wonder how bad?
SPOCK: Connect echobars.FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
...to discuss the report on phase two.SPOCK: Alter circuit "A."
McCOY: Sensor.FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
l propose that we commencewith the minutes of the preparation.CHANG:
"I am constant as the northern star."l'd give real money if he'd shut up.SPOCK: Plate, please.
McCOY: Plate.FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
...and assimilation will consume...McCOY: We've got a heartbeat.(TORPEDO BEEPlNG)FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
The Klingon empire, the ecological...- Key, please.
- Key.KIRK ON RADIO:
Where's that damn torpedo?She's ready, Jim. Lock and load.Fire.(ALARM BEEPlNG)(BEEPlNG RAPlDLY)CHANG: To be,or notto be.Target that explosion and fire.Fire.FEDERATION PRESIDENT:
As l imagine this work will occupy usthroughout most of the week,
it would be my hopethat the delegation
could return to their capitalsto implement the provisions
of phase one,no later than the first of next month.(WHlSPERlNG) Scotty.As you know, time is of the essence.McCOY: Out of the way!
UHURA: Out of the way!(PEOPLE EXCLAlMlNG)McCOY: Mr. President!KlRK: Mr. President! Mr. President!Mr. President!Kirk, Enterprise.(AZETBUR SPEAKlNG KLlNGONESE)Protect the Chancellor!- Arrest those men!
- SPOCK: Arrest yourself.SPOCK: We've got a full confession.(SCREAMlNG)(WOMEN SCREAMlNG)Cartwright, just a minute.What's happened?
What's the meaning of all of this?KlRK: lt's about the future,
Madam Chancellor.Some people think the future
means the end of history.Well, we haven't run out
of history quite yet.Your father called the futurethe undiscovered country.People can be very frightened
of change.You've restored my father's faith.And you've restored my son's.Once again, we've saved civilization
as we know it.And the good news is,
they're not going to prosecute.They might as well have prosecuted me.
L felt like Lieutenant Valeris.Well, they don't arrest people
for having feelings.And it's a good thing, too. lf they did,
we'd all have to turn ourselves in.Captain Kirk.KlRK: Captain Sulu.As much to the crew of the Enterprise,
l owe you my thanks.Nice to see you in action
one more time, Captain Kirk.Take care.By God, that's a big ship.- Not so big as her captain, l think.
- So, this is goodbye.L think it's about time
we got underway ourselves.Captain, l have orders
from Starfleet Command.We're to put back
to spacedock immediatelyto be decommissioned.Lf l were human,l believe my response would be,"Go to hell."lf l were human.Course heading, Captain?Second star to the right,and straight on till morning.KIRK: Captain's Log, Stardate 9529.1.This is the final cruise
of the Starship Enterpriseunder my command.This ship and her history will shortly
become the care of another crew.To them and their posterity
will we commit our future.They will continue the voyages
we have begun,and journey to all
the undiscovered countries,boldly going where no man...Where no onehas gone before.