This is the Army.It's learning how to be a soldier.
And how to be much more.It's cold streams that chill your bones
and a hot meal to warm you up.It's softball and low bridges.It's a hundred ways
to prove yourself.This is the Army.If you'd like to be part of it,
call this number toll-free.That's my philosophy,
$100 shine on a $3 pair of boots.Yes, sir.I don't think I've ever
been this happy.-Thank you so much.
-Thank you.I got a nice, warm cab right here.
You sure?-Let's go. City center.
-Hey, let's go, man.Thanks for the ride, pal.Shit!God, I thought that was a dog
around your neck.If that's humor, don't bother.I want to be taken to the airport.
Be very careful with the bags.Don't scratch them.Allow me.Thank you.Would you be careful with those?Madam, perhaps you'd like
to eat your luggage.I'm in a hurry.Oh, my balls. Oh, my balls.Good morning.This is Basic English.My name is Russell Ziskey......and I'm gonna be your instructor
for the next five weeks.I want you to call me Russell, and I'm
gonna call you by your first names......because I would have a tough time
pronouncing some of your last names.Okay, I know you're anxious to jump
right in and start speaking English......but there are a couple of things
I need to know first because...... I've never done this before.So how many of you would
say you speak English fairly well......but with some difficulty?A little English?Yes, you speak some English?Son of bitch. Shit.I've never gone this way before.I'm sure there's a lot of ways
I've gone that you haven't.What is your name?John Ringer? What kind
of a name is Ringer?Winger. I'm adopted.I spent most of my life
in institutions.Doesn't surprise me. You look like
a typical lowlife character to me.Actually, I'm a photographer.
I took this job because I love people.There's nothing I enjoy more than
meeting someone like yourseIf......and getting to know you,
then taking photos of you while I drive.Will you stop?! Turn around! Watch
the road! Stop with the pictures!Thank you so much.Aren't you going too fast?No, it's not the speed
really so much.I just wish I hadn't drunk
all that cough syrup this morning.Oh, my!-We're going to be killed!
-Oh, no.-Just keep your hands on the wheel!
-Not killed! Not killed!You....You should have your license
taken away.I am going to write
your name down......and see that it's given to
the proper authorities, G-E-R.You're a bum!And that's all you'll ever be,
a bum!Well, that hurts, ma'am.And I don't think
I want to take your abuse.I know I don't want to take you
to the airport. How about that, huh?Hey, move that cab, buddy!Hey! You can't stop
in the middle of a bridge!Would you get back in the car?!Okay. That's really very good.
I'd like to try just one more time......and then we'll call it a day.Okay, great, great.
All right, we'll see you next week.We'll learn some new tunes.
We'll have a great time. Bye-bye.Bye-bye.That's my car!-Hey, man!
-Instant Finance.You're late on the payments, pal.It's me.-John, is that you?
-Yeah.-Did you remember to get my dress?
-Yeah.Hi, baby. You're home
a little early, aren't you?-Yeah.
-How was your day?Fine.I got you a pizza too.I had a real bad day.Yeah. Yeah, I bet you did.I quit my job.I just can't take this anymore.I know. I gotta straighten out.-This is ridiculous.
-Right.That's what you said last week.You know, how much can you
straighten out in one week?It hasn't been a week, John.
It's been six months.Nothing's changed.You sleep in till noon, then
you watch Rocky and Bullwinkle.Then you drive your cab,
what, a couple hours?You come home,
you order out food......and then you play those stupid Tito
Puente albums until 2 in the morning!Tito Puente is gonna be dead,
and you'll say:"I've been listening to him for years.
He's fabulous."Then you watch movies until dawn,
and then......then you come to bed with me.You don't think that takes energy?
You're a sexual dynamo.Most guys couldn't even
handle you.I've been reading books on the outside
so I can keep up with you.It's not funny.You're going nowhere, John.It's just not that cute anymore.It's a little cute.Come on. I'm part of a lost
and restless generation.What, you want me to run
for the Senate?I don't know what I want.I just know that I don't want you.So the basic problem is
that I'm still around?Where's that sharp knife
we have? Anita!I need you.Come on, John.I knew that wasn't
gonna sound good.-Anita.
-No.John, no, it's not gonna work.
I like you, but I need something more.I need somebody who's gonna
develop with me and grow. Goodbye.-Who could grow more than me?
-Goodbye.Talk about massive potential
for growth.I am the little acorn
that becomes the oak.You can't go!
All the plants are gonna die!And then depression set in.Go away.Hi, John.What's the matter with you?Nothing.Nice shot, John.Need a little help.Hey, can I take your last beer?-No.
-We'll split it.I've had an interesting morning.In the last two hours...... I've lost my job, my apartment......my car and my girlfriend.You still have your health.Hey. Yes, thank you.
Toss that up here.Yo. Here we are, my man.All right, come to papa.
Toss that thing. Let's go.Jeez.Thank you.The Army can make you feel
a lot of ways:-Tired, challenged, trained and proud.
-This doesn't look bad.What, the Army?You're kidding.No. I've always thought
about joining the Army.Bullshit. You're not the type.What do you mean,
I'm not the type?I've seen the kind of guys
that enlist in the Army.I saw them when I was working on
unemployment. They're like us.Except they're not as sophisticated.Yeah, they're not as old either.I bet you can't do five pushups.Five pushups?I got $3 says
I can do five pushups.Okay, let's go. Five good ones.
Come on.-Not Marine pushups.
-No, simple pushups.I've never heard bones
creak like that.That's none.-I'm praying.
-You ought to.Let's go. There's a time limit here.He's almost set.
He's eyeing that rug.And that's one.
All right. He's off.He's moving now. That's two.Not that good though.That's three.I think you're ready
for the Special Olympics.That's three.-That's four.
-Four.I was testing you.And here goes five. Will he do it?Congratulations.
You just doubled your money.I gotta get in shape.I gotta dry out,
or I'll be dead before I'm 30.The Army's my only chance.You could join a monastery.Did you ever see a monk get
wildly fucked by some teenage girls?-Never.
-So much for the monastery.Brew.-Thanks for splitting it.
-No problem.You're welcome to stay
at my place if you want.Pretty much got
that roach problem licked.I'm going Army.You've got some warped idea
about the Army.You think it's like a health club
with neat uniforms or something.I go in the Army, they turn my body
into a dangerous weapon.They make me a black belt.I'll come out a human killing machine.I think we should go
to California again and pick fruit.-They give you money.
-Who?The GI Bill.
Borrow all the money you want.Will you shut up about the Army?You borrow the money,
you buy a Winnebago.They ship it anywhere you want.You get lots of travel.
Kathmandu, guaranteed.Yeah, dysentery guaranteed.I'll be over there in Nepal
with those monkey-head chicks.They'll all be hitting on me.
"Hey, John......thanks a lot for keeping the Chinese
off our backs. We appreciate it.Is there anything we can do for you?Oh, and by the way, handsome......we've never been in a Winnebago."You figure it out.You ever heard stories about
the gratitude of the Nepalese people?-No.
-They'll probably teach me to levitate.A black beIt who can levitate.-With a Winnebago.
-Check, please.I can see you've got this all
figured out.You're nobody's fool
when it comes to your future, John.I'm falling apart here.All I've got are a lot of bad habits
and a lot of bad debts.I need some heavy discipline
in my Iife.You know who would be incredible
in the Army?Who?-You.
-Get out of here, I'd hate it.You would be, man.
You could go right into Intelligence.-I'm not going in.
-You could be a commander.You could probably be a general
in a year.I mean, Charles de Gaulle was
a general. You're smarter than him.That guy was like a member
of the steel-plate club.I ought to run right down there
and join up, huh?Well, I was gonna go over there.
We could use your car.-We'd have to, wouldn't we?
-Yeah.You coming in?Hey, this is a loading zone.
You can't park here.We're not parking it.
We're abandoning it.I can't believe we're doing this.Listen, if I get killed,
my blood is on your hands.Just don't get it on my shoes, okay?
Hello?I'm not saying that the Army will be
able to do for you what it did for me.All I'm saying is you get out of it
exactly what you put into it.Now, sometimes the Army's
your best shot.There's some questions I have to ask.
They're a little personal.Have you ever been convicted
of a felony or a misdemeanor?That's robbery, rape, car theft,
that sort of thing?-Convicted?
-Yeah.-No.
-Never convicted.That's good. Good.Are either of you homosexuals?You mean, like, flaming or...?Well, it's a standard question
we have to ask.No, we're not homosexual,
but we are willing to Iearn.Yeah, would they send us
someplace special?I guess that's no on both.All right, now if you'll just give
UncIe Sam your autograph here."Sammy, get well soon."That's good. Now your name.Can I talk to you for a minute?I was wondering if you....
Are you...-...you know, holding?
-No, man, I'm not.Well, I was wondering if you could
hold something for me.What, are you smuggling furs
or something?Drugs.Excuse me. General Hansen?No, I'm not a general,
but may I help you?Yes. I want to thank you
for saving my life over in Vietnam.-I don't think that was me.
-You're right. It was Normandy Beach.I was shot up pretty bad.You grabbed me, pulled me
into a foxhole and patched me up.I don't think so and I don't care
and I don't have the time.-See this arm band? MP.
-Yes, ma'am.Stands for military police.
Are you on one of these buses?Not yet, ma'am.My job is to see that
big, strong men like you......get on these buses
without getting lost.So why don't you just move along
and get on the bus?Did you check him off, Louise?You know, there's a strip search
before you get on the bus.-Really?
-Yeah. Be careful, man.So, what, I guess
we dig each other......and we'll be seeing each other
around the officers' club?Watch out for this guy.
He's a troublemaker.-Do you have your papers?
-Yes. Here.What happens if I refuse
to get on the bus?You look like a sensitive,
intelligent guy.Don't make me shoot you.Climb aboard, soldier.-What do you think?
-I hope we don't go to war.Excuse me, stewardess.
Is there a movie on this flight?-Bus.
-A movie on this flight.Inside. Off the bus.Off the bus. Right on inside.Move it out, son. Move it out.Move it out!Off the bus.Right on inside.Sergeant Hulka.Yes, sir?At ease, sergeant.I'm Captain Stillman,
the new company commander.Pleased to meet you, sir.Fine-looking group of men,
wouldn't you say so?Boy, I hope this is the mess hall.How's it going, Eisenhower?Yes, sir, a fine-looking bunch
of men.Yes, well. Get them inside......and carry on, I guess.I'll be in my office
if you need me.Yes, sir.Inside.Have that removed, corporal.Move it out!Men, welcome to
the United States Army.I'm Sergeant Hulka.I'm your drill sergeant.Before we proceed any further......we gotta get something straight.Your mamas are not here
to take care of you now.It's just you, me and Uncle Sam.And before I leave you......you're gonna find out that me
and Uncle Sam are one and the same.UncIe Hulka?When I tell you to move......you'll move fast.When I tell you to jump......you're gonna say, "How high?"And make no mistake.I don't care where you come from,
I don't care what color you are...... I don't care how smart you are
or how dumb you are......because I'm gonna teach
every last one of you......how to eat, sleep......walk, talk, shoot, shit
like a United States soldier.-Understand?
-Yes, sir.I didn't hear you.-Yes, sir.
-Yes, sir.You don't say "sir" to me.
I'm a sergeant. I work for a living.-Yes, sergeant.
-I didn't hear you.-Yes, sergeant.
-Now that's what I wanna hear.You think this guy's
overdoing it a bit?You got a problem, boy?No problem, sergeant.On your feet, boy.What's your problem, boy?I was just making a joke, sergeant.Well, why don't you tell me
your joke, son?I don't think you'd think
it's funny, sir. Sergeant.How do you know?I got a hell of a sense of humor.
Ain't I, Corporal Briggs?Yes, sergeant!Corporal Briggs, we have a comedian
in our midst.Will you take
this comedian outside......and watch him do 50 pushups?Get your goat-smelling ass
out of here!Move it!Hut, ho, hut!Anybody else want to be
a comedian in here?-No, sergeant.
-I didn't hear you!No, sergeant!You look good.Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna
Krishna, KrishnaShut up! Just shut up, will you!-I didn't mean it.
-How come yours is so long?Fifteen and a half.Thirty-three.Forty-two.-Thirty-seven.
-Thirty-seven?Step down. Grab your papers.These are 34s,
and they're loose.I gotta live with 37?Sergeant Hulka?I'm sorry about what happened
at the meeting.I certainly meant no offense by it.
It won't happen again.Keep it moving! Let's go!-Think he bought it?
-No.Boxer or jockey?You got something in a low-rise bikini?
Mesh, if possible.So where you from, Tex?Don't you ever touch me again, ever.This is pretty sweet.
Free clothing.Look at this stuff. Chicks in New York
paying top dollar for this garbage.How about that lunch?
What was that brown stuff?All right, men, fall in alongside
this roadway in a column of two.Fall in!Move it! Move it!Hi.Move it!You know something, soldier.
I've noticed you're always last.-I'm pacing myself, sergeant.
-Move it!Hold it!Sorry.Left face!Left, right, left, right.You stand in place.Forward march!Hey, we're walking.Left, right, left, right, left, right.My name's Howard J. Turkstra.
I'm from Kansas City.My hobbies are fast cars
and fast women.Because.... That's why guys in
my car club call me "The Cruiser."Should call him "The Dork."Knock it off.Go ahead.I joined the Army because my father
and my brother were in the Army.I thought I'd better join
before I got drafted.Son, there ain't no draft no more.There was one?What a jerk!Next.The name's Francis Soyer.But everybody calls me Psycho.Any of you guys call me Francis,
and I'll kill you.You just made the list, buddy.And I don't like nobody
touching my stuff!So just keep your meat hooks off.If I catch any of you guys
in my stuff, I'll kill you.Also, I don't like
nobody touching me.Now, any of you homos......touch me, and I'll kill you.Lighten up, Francis.You're all in this together.One of these men may save your life
one of these days, understand?Then again, maybe one of us won't.-You, go ahead.
-Me?Yeah.My name's Dewey Oxberger.
My friends call me Ox.You might have noticed
I've got a slight weight problem.-No!
-Yeah, I do.Anyway, I went to this doctor.Well, he told me I swallowed
a lot of aggression......along with a lot of pizzas.Pizzas!I'm basically a shy person.I'm a shy guy......and he suggested taking one
of these aggression-training courses.You know, these aggressive-training
courses like EST, those type of things.Anyway, it costs 400 bucks
to join this thing.Well, I didn't have the money.And I thought to myself,
"Join the Army. It's free."So I figured while I'm here
I'll lose a few pounds.You got a six- to eight-week training
program here, a tough one.Which is perfect for me.I'm gonna walk out of here
a lean, mean, fighting machine.-Good thinking, Ox. Real good.
-It is.Ziskey.I've always been kind
of a pacifist.When I was a kid my father told me,
"Never hit anyone in anger......unless you're absolutely sure
you can get away with it."I don't know what kind
of soldier I'll make......but I want you guys to know that
if we ever get into real heavy combat...... I'll be right behind you guys
every step of the way.Okay, Mr. Pushups.
Let's hear your story.Chicks dig me because
I rarely wear underwear......and when I do,
it's usually something unusual.But now I know why I have aIways
lost women to guys like you.It's not just the uniform.It's the stories that you tell.So much fun and imagination.Lee Harvey......you are a madman.When you stole that cow......and your friends tried
to make it with the cow.I want to party with you, cowboy.The two of us together,
forget it.I'm gonna go out on a limb here.I'm gonna volunteer my leadership
to this platoon.An Army without leaders
is like a foot......without a big toe.And Sergeant Hulka isn't always
gonna be there......to be that big toe for us.I think that we owe
a big round of applause......to our newest, bestest buddy......and big toe......Sergeant Hulka.Well, okay, hotshot.We're gonna see what kind
of soldier you are.Reveille is 0500.We're gonna fall out
with locker boxes......and we're gonna have
a locker-box inspection.And then we're gonna do 10 miles,
rain or shine.So you better hit them bunks,
my little babies......or Sergeant Hulka with the big toe......is gonna see how far he can stick it
up your ass.Out of them bunks!We got a full day ahead of us.We're gonna start out
with a five-mile run.I know I'm speaking for
the entire platoon when I say......this run should be postponed
until this platoon is better rested.Well, I'll tell you what, soldier.
Let's make it 10 miles.Any more complaints?Thanks a lot, Winger!Nice going, asshole.You're making friends fast
around here, John.Oh, my-- Oh, my God! Mama!Captain Stillman.Major Ellis would like you to look over
these interim reports, captain, sir.Interim reports!
That's all I ever do around here.I want some action!Hold that, corporal.Oh, look at those men.Are those my men, corporal?No, sir. Those are
Captain Benton's men, sir.Well, where are my men?Let's see. Sergeant Hulka
is on the confidence course.Sergeant Crocker
is on the mortar range.Terrific. Corporal,
bring up the jeep.Yes, sir.Grenade!Go get them!Those are damn fine men.
Are they in my company?No, sir. Oh, here come
your men now, sir.Hit it!Stand up when
I'm sticking you, boy!Get down and give me 50, mother!Come on! I'll walk on your ass, boy!
I was killing--Fifteen, 16, 17....Twenty-seven, 28....Wait a minute.-You got the light one.
-Yeah, my mistake.-Yeah.
-Here, let's switch.-I kind of thought it was a mistake.
-I got it.It's real heavy.This one's light.
Stand out of the way.Fall out!-Stop! Fall in!
-Hey, sergeant, it's raining.Sergeant, I think it's a bad idea
to march today.You know, this is
the cold and flu season.Fifty-one, 52....-When's the good part, John?
-This is the good part.Get your butt down, soldier.
You'll get it shot off someday. Move it!Move it!You all right?I should've kept my head down.I learned a lot of things today, John.I've never felt more alive
in my whole life.I think this is the greatest day
I've ever spent.And I want to thank you for making me
join the Army.Get me out of here.I'll take care of you.Going south today? All right.-So, what are you taking?
-Oh, I got these from Elmo.I toId him I get sick when I fly.
I think they're Dramamine.These are Elmo’s microdots.
That's acid.John.-John, I took a lot of these.
-How many?Well, one just now
and one in the barracks.Two in the jeep.-Two when we got out of the jeep.
-Oh, no. Six hits.What a tragedy. Hey. Hey.We're not gonna let you drive now,
you sit right down here.Buckle up here, cowpoke.Stow your tray table
in the upright position, will you?You're gonna be just fine
in about 12 hours.It's gonna be kind of weird
till then, but....The plane's coming apart.Hello!I'm Captain Hollister, Special
Operations Group. Who are you?-I'm Major Dodge.
-Captain DeSoto.Pleasure to meet you, Hollister.
Heard a lot about you.Well, I never heard of you.
And you're not on my roster.That's just the way
we like to keep it, captain.It's double double top-secret.-Intelligence?
-Some.Anything I could tell you
would be a Iie, captain......so how about we tag along
with you to your destination......and then we'll go
our separate ways.Dismissed, captain.Okay, major, let's go!Go!Russell!They're all going backpacking, John!Go! Go! Go!The important thing is not to panic.We should, like, build a shelter,
I think.Then we make some stone tools and
we can cut some spears and arrows.Because tonight we're gonna go out
and kill a wild boar.And then we're gonna dry the meat
for traveling.And in the morning
we can chop down a big tree......and make a dugout canoe.And we could find a river
that'll probably run down to the ocean.If we're lucky, we'll drift into
those major shipping lanes......we'll probably get picked up in a day
or two by a Liberian freighter.What do you think?I think we should find a hotel room.That's a good idea.Hello!I think some of these plants
are edible.-Yeah.
-Not that one.I think we might have to settle
for a motel.-This looks like a main road.
-Oh, yeah, this is the interstate here.Yeah. We just find a gas station,
they'll tell us where all the nice--What a rush. The sky is brown.Hi.Thank you.Sit down.Thank you.Colombia. Love weed.Good, good, good.Pills.For you.Good, good.Oh, yeah.-Oh, it's good in stew, yeah.
-Yeah, put about 30 in there.That's good. Oh, great.Time to get out of here.What is their struggle?It's cutting time.I can't hear you!
You two should tie the knot!Hey, captain, could we get a ride
with you?Just get on the plane.You bet.Oh, God, look at that.Wash off the soap. That's right.
Wash it off.Look at that. Bend over. Drop
the soap. Oh, tits. Good.Oh, God, I wish I was a loofah.
Look at that! That's....Those muscles.Oh, I didn't know
they could do that.-Excuse me, captain.
-I don't want to be disturbed.Stillman!-Yes, sir?
-Colonel Glass to see you, sir.I can see that, corporal.
Dismissed.It's a pleasure to see you, sir.
Welcome to Fort Arnold.-Let's skip the bullshit, captain.
-Yes, sir.I've got a problem,
and I need your help.You've heard of the EM-50 project?Yes, sir. It's a tank or something.-It's an urban-assault vehicle.
-Of course.The Pentagon wants to unveil it
for the news media next month in Italy.What General Barnicke
wants from you......is a real crack platoon of
new recruits to man the EM-50.Real go-getters.We'll have them photographed
putting the 50 through its paces."Our newest soldiers with our
latest weapon." That kind of thing.Yes, sir. You can count on me, sir.You screw this up, Stillman......and I'll have you assigned to a
weather station above the Arctic Circle.-You got that?
-Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.Good.Attention!-I'm gonna fold.
-Okay.Well, I'm still in.
Cruise, how about you?Maybe I should fold.Well, let me see.
Let me see first.No, not with a hand like that.
Come on.Dare me. Go on, bluff me.
Come on.How much should I bet?If it were me, I'd bet everything.But that's me. I'm
an aggressive gambler. Mr. Vegas.Come on. Go for it. Go for it.Yes, yes, there we go. I'm in.-What do you got?
-Well, I got a full house.Three threes and two sixes, that's
a full house. What have you got?-Two fours, I got an ace.
-You got an ace, an eight and a seven.Well, you lose. If you would've had
four fours, you would've won.-You're getting good.
-Starting to get the hang of it.Isn't this fun? You're pretty good
for a first time, really.Attention!Fall in for muster. Move it! Move it!Ten-hut!It's come to my attention......that several members of
the 3rd Platoon Bravo Company......left this military post
without permission.I wanna know who it was.You can tell me now......or I got ways
of finding out myself.Okay, mister......you just got yourself 24 hours
of scrubbing garbage cans.Step back!Now, since nobody else
has got the guts......to admit it......the rest of this platoon......will do the next two weekends
on KP.How's that sound to you, mister?I think it sucks.It's time you and me
had a private talk, Winger.Step into my office.I'm getting the idea, Winger,
that you don't like me.Maybe I just don't know you
well enough yet, sarge.What do you say let's cut out
the bullshit between you and me?-Oh, let's.
-I think you're a punk.I've been in this Army 28 years.I've seen your kind come and go.You think you know something
about everything, don't you?Let me tell you something, mister.You don't know a damn thing
about soldiering.Oh, it's real tough stuff. Especially that
marching-in-a-straight-line business.I ain't talking about that crap! I'm
talking about something important.Like discipline and duty and honor
and courage. You ain't got none of it.Those words mean so much to a man
who scrubs garbage cans.Look, if you don't want me
in your Army, kick me out......but get off my back.Maybe you'd like to
take a swing at me.I'd like to take a big swing
at you, sarge.Well, go ahead and
give it your best shot.I don't think I wanna go
to the stockade.I'll take my hat off.There we are, Winger.
Ain't no more drill sergeant.It's just you and me, kid,
man-to-man.So go ahead, give it
your best shot.Swing at me.Gutless.Punk.I'm willing to forget about
this little incident.And I want you to think
real hard about it.And maybe someday you'll understand
what the hell I'm talking about.No. No, don't stop.Don't stop.I'll still respect you.I'll respect you even more.Just use more whipped cream.John. John.I just had the weirdest dream. John.John?If I call Anita, she has to
pick me up at the train, right?I go back, get a new apartment...... I see if I can get
my cab job back.Where are you going? You going
AWOL? Are you going AWOL?-No, I'm deserting.
-You idiot!You desert now,
it's a federal offense.-Come on.
-I'll take my chances with the feds.Get up. Come on.
You're not going anywhere.Now listen to me.
You're gonna finish basic training......you're gonna keep your mouth shut
and do everything he tells you.-And you know why?
-Why?Because you talked me into this,
that's why, you idiot! It was your idea!I didn't talk you into this.
You needed this.I'm gonna kill you! Damn you!Where's the great pay?
Where's the travel?Where's the Winnebago?
Goddamn it! Shit!This isn't what you think.No, we're just good friends.In the jeep.Come on. Let's go.I was going to the laundry,
get my uniform.Save it for later.Okay, guys, you're home.
Get out.You're not gonna report this
or anything, are you?I'm gonna treat it
like a UFO sighting."I saw something, but I'm not
quite sure what it was."Thank you.Oh, goodbye.Move it! Do it!Why, boy......we got women can climb that
better than you. Get up!Get on your feet!Hit it!He said he couldn’t make it.
Why don't you do it?Take one step back, Winger.Move it!All right, soldier, let's see
how you fire that mortar.-What coordinates, sir?
-Coordinates?Yes, sir. They determine
where the mortar's--Soldier, the Army has spent a lot of
money teaching you how to fire that.Now set it and fire it.-We don't know where the shell's--
-The only way to learn is to do it!Now fire the weapon.All right!Any of you suckholes want to
come up here and knock me off?Oh, shit.Incoming!Sergeant, does this mean
we're through for the day?-Save your strength, sarge.
-Yeah.Get him off! Get him off!Men, I realize this tragic injury
to your drill sergeant is a real shock.Especially this close to the end
of basic training.As far as I'm concerned, Sergeant
Crocker's 100 percent responsible......for the entire thing.That's not what I heard.Who said that? Pick that up!
Who said that?-Did you say that?
-No, sir.-Did you say that? Who said--?
-I said that.Now, I don't care what you heard.My report states that Crocker was
negligent in his mortar instructions......and totally unable to control
his men.Have it your way, sir.You bet I will, soldier.I do not want to hear one more
insubordinate word......from anyone in this platoon.The subject is closed.You'd better stop worrying
about what happened to Hulka......and start worrying about how you're
going to pass muster at graduation.You've got three days
to get it together.And if you want my honest opinion......you're not gonna make it.No stragglers. Now come on.We owe it to Sergeant Hulka to end up
face down in the gutter tonight.Hey, baby, want to come
to my place?Where were you two blocks ago
when we could've used you?Come on. Don't waste it.All right, we're here!
Come on.It's the Pom Pom. It's famous.
It's world-famous.This might be fun.Hi.Oh, amazing.I used to wrestle.
There's no tables.-Here's a table. Excuse me.
-Sounds good.-You wrestled, huh? Nice seats.
-Yeah.Give me a kick, honey.Oh, parted my hair.Okay, girls, go get them!We're gonna start the bidding.I'm not gonna accept
anything less than $100.The bidding has gotta start.
Now give me 100.-You gotta do it for us, Ox.
-I can't.-You said you used to wrestle.
-I used to lose a lot.Yeah, but these are girls.
They're weak and soft.-I need 150!
-One-sixty!One-seventy-five now!
One-seventy-five here! One-eighty!-It doesn't seem fair.
-Fair?Who cares about fair?
The worId isn't fair! Truth isn't fair!Is it fair that you were
born like this? No!They're not expecting somebody
like you. They're expecting a slug.You're different. You're weird.
You're a mutant. You're a killer!You're a trained killer!You're a lean, mean,
fighting machine!I'll do it!-All right. Give me your money.
-Four hundred and thirteen bucks!My man. My big man here
is gonna do it all for us......for $413...-And 58 cents.
-...and 58 cents!Four hundred thirteen dollars
and 58 cents!I'll take that right now!Ladies and gentlemen,
the big event you've been waiting for.A three-round match,
five-minute time limit, one pin only.And during this match
there will be absolutely no biting.Cut that out! Cut that out!And no pulling of the nose.Hey, do something about this, ref!
What kind of place you running here?And no kicking,
ladies and gentlemen.All right, go to your neutral corners,
and we will begin the match!Hey, wait a minute! Wait! Hey!Hey, just a second here!Oh, jeez! Now you done it.Beat the shit out of them, Ox!-You hit me! I'm a girl!
-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to hit you!That's my man out there!
My champ! Now stop it!Behind you!
Hey, she's not even in the fight.Cut that out. Cut that out.You get in here. Come on.I'm a gentleman. Now stop it.All right.Okay, all right.-Thanks.
-No problem.-Thanks again.
-Okay, all right.-You're very competitive.
-I don't wanna go back.You gotta go back.
You're already dirty. Come on.All right, there you go.They got him down
and they got him pinned!Bravo Company!Go, man!Way to go, Ox! Kill them!-Should we?
-Yeah. Let's go.We'll take care of these two.It's okay. Special assignment.Yeah, we're with them.Louise, it's so nice to see you.
What are you doing here?Well, explain yourselves.Well, sir, we were....We were going
to the Bingo parlor......at the YMCA.Well, one thing led to another......and the instructions
got all fouled up there.-We ended up--
-Shut up.Okay, sir.You men are a disgrace.Maybe a few days
in the stockade......would help change
your rotten attitude.But we're supposed to
graduate tomorrow, sir.That's even better.Tomorrow you'll be on parade
in front of General Barnicke.And when he sees
what total fuck-ups you really are...... I will personally recommend......that your whole platoon......repeat the entire course
of basic training.Well, get out.All right, now this is the second time
we've let you guys off.So let's not let it happen a third time.
Is that clear?-Very clear.
-Get back to your barracks, all right?-Good night.
-Good night.So, what are you guys gonna do?We're gonna check out General
Barnicke's house. He's in Washington.Barnicke?Barnicke?!He still owes me money.
Hey, Barney!Get him!Mom! I'm home!John!-No, no.
-Now, don't worry about a thing, okay?Oh, this is nice, really.Listen, if this is gonna get you
in trouble, we'll leave. All right?No, it's okay. General Barnicke's
gone until tomorrow morning.Good.Thank you.I feel like I'm 16 years old
in my parents' house......and they're away on a trip.Sixteen?
Wanna play Spin the Bottle?This guy's doing pretty well.
Interested?All right, you've looked at
the general's refrigerator long enough.-Let's go. Come on.
-Let's look at the general's cupboards.John!You know, you're very pretty...-...for a cop.
-Oh, thanks a lot.No, thank you. You know
what your problem is, baby?-No, I don't.
-Your problem is that you're armed.You're heavily armed.Guys have trouble with girls
that are armed.They don't know how to come on.
Do you know the rest of your problem?Tell me.You've never had anyone give you
the Aunt Jemima treatment.-No, I certainly haven't had that.
-First you get up on the grill.-I'll get you up to cruising speed.
-Stop it!You're sticking on the bottom, dear.
Keep hopping. Keep hopping, honey!There you go. A little bit lumpy.
You're a little bit lumpy.A little bit lumpy.-I'm not enjoying this! Now quit it!
-You're not, huh?Maybe you need this.-What are you gonna do with that?
-This. And this.Who's your friend?
Who's your buddy?I am, aren't I?-You're crazy about me, aren't you?
-No.You're head over heels in love
with me.You're hopelessly, deeply in love
with me, aren't you?Yes.I knew it. I had that feeling.Even before I picked this up.It's about time you came around.So, what do we do now?Let's go upstairs
and check out the general's closets.Nice to know you can
move like that when you have to.Well, it's nice to know
you can make me so hot.You say the nicest things.Hold on, honey.
I got a special tool for you.Come here.I can't believe we're pIaying this.-Okay, down on your knees.
-Sounds good.All right, now the way
that you play it is......you pretend there's a force field
all around your body......and you try and get as close
to each other as possible......without actually touching.-Okay?
-It sounds easy.It ought to be.I think I'm good at this.Maybe.How do you win?Well, if somebody breaks
your force field, then you win.-You just broke my force field.
-Yeah, you win.Well, that was interesting.It's all over with now. We might as well
not even show up to graduation.You white guys'll probably
get five years.-But we gonna get hung.
-Yeah, man.Guys! Hey!What's everybody so down about?Didn't everybody make it
with a beautiful MP tonight, huh?Oh, Stillman freaked out
when the MPs brought us back.If we screw up graduation, we'll
have to take basics all over again.Oh, Cruise, it's been a lot of fun
the first time, hasn't it?I can't handle
basic training again, man.You're number one
on the death list now, Winger.Take it easy, Francis-- Psycho.Will you guys just relax? We got
plenty of time. What time is it now?-Two a.m.
-Okay, 0200.-What time we get up?
-Five a.m.0500. All right, we have three hours.
Didn't you ever cram for a test before?I learned two semesters
of geology in three hours.We can do this.
We just have to practice.We've been practicing all night,
and we stink.-Yeah, well, the brains have arrived.
-Yeah, that's good news.We go down to the motor pool.We work on it all night.
We get it together.-We can do this, right?
-There's no way in hell we can do it.Right shoulder, arms!Forward, arms!Inspection, arms!Right shoulder, arms!Right face!Your left, your left, your left.Come on, rhythm.
Hut, two, three, four.Black guys,
help the white guys, okay?-What did he say?
-He said the black guys......help the white guys.Come on, guys!Wait a minute!Cut it out! Stop!Hey, stupid,
look at yourself!Cut it out! Cut it out! Cut it out!What the hell's
the matter with you?Stupid!We're all very different people.We're not Watusi.
We're not Spartans.We're Americans.
With a capital A, huh?You know what that means?Do you? That means
that our forefathers......were kicked out of every
decent country in the world.We are the wretched refuse.We're the underdog.
We're mutts.-Here's proof. His nose is cold.
-So is his brain.But there's no animal
that's more faithful......that's more loyal,
more lovable than the mutt.Who saw Old Yeller?Who cried when Old Yeller
got shot at the end?Nobody cried when Old Yeller
got shot? I'm sure.I cried my eyes out.Yeah.So we're all dogfaces.
We're all very, very different.But there is one thing
that we all have in common.We were all stupid enough
to enlist in the Army.We're mutants.There's something wrong with us,
something very, very wrong with us.Something seriously wrong with us.We're soldiers,
but we're American soldiers.We've been kicking ass for 200 years!
We're 10 and 1!Now we don't have to worry......about whether or not
we've practiced.We don't have to worry......about whether Captain Stillman
wants to have us hung.All we have to do......is to be the great American
fighting soldier......that is inside each one of us.Now, do what I do......and say what I say......and make me proud.-Fall in!
-Yeah!Platoon......ten-hut!Right shoulder, ho!Order, ho!Maybe they couldn't find
the parade grounds.-It's right in front of the barracks.
-That's what I mean.Eyes right!We checked the barracks, sir.
They're not there.If they're not here in five minutes,
I want them arrested.Hey, graduation's at 2:00.
What time is it now?Three o’clock. We've still got
an hour to sleep.Oh, good.Three o’clock! We're missing it!John! John!
We're missing graduation.-We're missing it.
-Let's go.Wake up, man! We're missing it.Where is it?All right, let's do
a little singing this morning.Oh, my God!Platoon......a-one, two:Where the hell
have you been, soldier?-Training, sir!
-Training, sir!What kind of training, son?Army training, sir!Platoon, just like last night,
only better!And right shoulder, ho!Order, ho!Side step right!Left flank, left!Queen Anne salute!Three, five, seven!Razzle-dazzle!Hut, two, three, four!Hut, two, three, four.The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog, sir!-Where's your drill sergeant, men?
-Blown up, sir!Blown up, sir!Sir, these are Sergeant Hulka's men.
He was injured during basic training.I see.So am I to understand that you men
completed your training on your own?-That's the fact, Jack!
-That's the fact, Jack!-Captain.
-Yes, sir?These are exactly
the kind of go-getters...... I want working on my EM-50
project in Italy.-Oh, but, sir, these men--
-Don't "but" me, captain.I want them on the plane tonight.Gentlemen, it's party time,
Italian style!Not bad! It's great.Best bunk? Best bunk is....Best bunk, right here.-Okay, who's up for the Vatican?
-No, I can't.Let's get some people
and some relics, and we'll do it.What are you doing? No, get off.
See, you gotta make my bunk.See, we're in ltaly.
The guy on the top bunk......has gotta make the guy
on the bottom's bed all the time.It's in the regulations.
If we were in Germany...... I would have to make yours.But we're in Italy, so you've
gotta make mine. It's regulations.Who's gonna make the beds?Buona sera, gentlemen.It is alive.Welcome to Italy.We can forget all about
the tearful reunion.There's a couple things I want to get
straight with you right off the bat.I don't know what kind of shit
you pulled at graduation......but this ain't
no glamour detail we're on.I want to see you walking tall......looking good and mentally alert
at all times.I'm gonna bust your butts......to make this the best damned outfit
in the European command.Get these bunks made up!
Get your gear stored!We're gonna muster in front
of the motor pool at 0600! Got it?Hi, sarge."Hi, sarge." Just shut up.0600!As you may know,
General Barnicke......is particularly interested
in this project.He has selected this platoon
for this assignment......and he expects you to perform
particularly well.Raise it, sergeant.Gentlemen, this is the EM-50
Urban Assault Vehicle.A real beauty, colonel.
You can count on us.Fall in!I need two volunteers.You and you.You'll guard this vehicle
until 0800 on Monday morning......and the rest of you
got the weekend off. Dismissed!-Sarge, why me?
-Oh, I don't know, son.I ain't got no military reason for it,
I just don't like you.Have a nice weekend.Oh, yeah. I want that so clean
I could eat off the floor.This is amazing. You wouldn't believe
what this thing could do.John.-Do you think I'm officer material?
-God, I'm worried about you.Come on. I'm in good shape.
I'm walking tall.I'm looking good.
First weekend in Europe.Yeah. We're spending it in
an airplane hangar watching a truck.We got each other.Well, I was kind of thinking we'd get
a couple companions this weekend.Too bad the girls
are in Germany.We could get...-...a hotel room somewhere.
-Yeah.Spend a couple days
eating room service.Would've been good.We could take them up in the Alps
for a little spin.-No.
-Oh, yeah.-No, no, no.
-Oh, yeah.-Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
-No, no. No, John, no.-I'll drive.
-Okay.We're here.Don't forget, you promised me
a real expensive dinner......before we see this
whatever it is.Right.Come with me, my dear.Now, don't forget, this is a big secret,
so you can't tell anybody, okay?-Not unless they torture me.
-Come on.-Official business.
-May I see your identification, sir?Thank you, captain.Yeah. Just follow me.When the Army entrusts an important
project like this to an officer......it usually means they're priming him
for a major promotion.-I really think you're gonna like this.
-Yeah?-Are you gonna get sick or something?
-Where the fuck's my truck? Where--?Where's my truck? Hey!Hey, where's the EM-50?A couple of soldiers took it
to get it washed, sir.Took it to get it washed?!Is there a bathroom around here?
I gotta pee.-HoId it!
-They had proper ID, sir.Do you want me to notify
post security, sir?You keep your mouth shut about this.
Do you understand me?And you let no one in there.
No one! Not even the colonel!Yes, sir.You know, I think this guy
Stillman is really dangerous.Yeah, I'm becoming
aware of that, you know.Okay, let's go.
Let's load that truck.Sergeant.We've traced the EM-50 to Germany.They're probably heading
right for East Berlin.Sir, if you'll take my advice,
there's a crack squad in the 42nd......that could link up
with Air Recon.We'd have that EM-50 back here
inside of 24 hours.Nothing doing.
We'd be the laughingstock......of the entire armed forces.
We will do this ourselves.Sir, those numb-nuts can't
even tie their own shoelaces.I don't care, sergeant. Just load
the truck, and let's move out.All right, we're moving out!
Move!I guess we're going after
John and Russell.I can't believe
they're Russian spies. Can you?All I know is,
I finally get to kill somebody.Hey, Russell.Have you been doing
your special exercises?-I brought the magic suitcase.
-You did?Does this do anything for you?
French girls do it all the time.No. I've seen that.I've seen that on cable TV,
and it did nothing for me.Hey, watch it. A guy could get hurt.-My gosh, my gosh.
-Come on, John.-Come on.
-I'll do it!But just one more time.Off the low meter board.From the United States
Military Academy, John Winger.He's gonna do a reverse mo-fo.A somersault up to the knees,
to a butt banister......a backflip......all the way back,
a double backflip.A face bounce!
A double face bounce!A triple head! Oh, no!
Oh, he's hurt!That does sound nice.You know, my father was here
during the war.-In this bathtub?
-Your ears need cleaning.Easy. Louise,
what do you think of me?When we first met, I thought
you were kind of screwed up.And now?I still think you're kind of screwed up,
Russell......but you're so cute.-A face bounce...
-John....a dismount......and a remount.John!How's this? How's this?-How's this for you?
-Perfect.-Is this good? Is this good?
-It's great. Oh, it's perfect.-What about this? How about this?
-That's better. Oh, so much better.Oh, I like that.That's different.Oh, where did you learn that?
Oh, where did you learn that?Oh, not yet. Please, not yet!
Oh, please!I can't stop! Please!Oh, I wanted it-- Oh, I'm sorry!-I can't see a thing up ahead, sir.
-The turnoff is just up to the right.No, sir. If we turn right,
we're gonna--Sergeant, when I want your input,
I will ask for it. Thank you.For chrissakes, captain.
We broke through the--This is my mission. I would appreciate
if you let me run it. Thank you.Fuck this.-Where you going, sarge?
-Hey, sarge, where are you going?Sarge, what are you doing?
Sarge, what are you doing?!Here you go. There you go.
Hand them off there, boys.Stupid jerks.Gunther, get yourself
a new Volkswagen, huh?Folks, don't order the schnitzel.
They're using schnauzer.Hey, Hansel, Gretel!
Hey, we're your allies.It's cool. All right.All right, Klaus,
hold it up right here.We got some naked animals in here
we don't want you to see.Here you are.-More worthless money for you.
-Come on.-All right.
-Hey, did you leave the radio on?-What?
-That's the shortwave radio.This is the EM-50?Mayday, mayday.Mayday. Code 21, Status 7.
Mayday. Code 21, Status 7.Code 21. Go ahead.I'm with the U.S. Army, 41st
Armored Division, Bravo Company.I have a platoon and CO
being held by hostile enemy......at coordinates 41 6-397.They're Russian troops,
about 200.Send help. I gotta get moving.416-397.
That's Czechoslovakia.-Forty-first Armored?
-Yeah, Bravo Company.-That's our unit.
-Oh, no.-They came looking for us.
-Oh, they've had it.We've had it.If it's a Status 7 like you said,
they went in undercover.So the DOD won't even
acknowledge it.Those guys are dead.-We gotta go get them.
-Yeah.-No.
-We're responsible.-Russell.
-Come on, it's Czechoslovakia.We zip in, we pick them up
and we zip right out again.We're not going to Moscow.
It's Czechoslovakia.It's like going into Wisconsin.I got the shit kicked out of me
in Wisconsin once. Forget it.-Russell, what are you afraid of?
-I'm not afraid.There are two things I promised
myself I'd never do:Kill and die.What if the Russians were
raping your sister?Come on, you know my sister.
You practically raped her one night.The Russians would just have to
buy her dinner.Russell, that is our platoon out there.
That's Ox and Elmo and Cruiser.I love those guys.
We're their only chance.Two things, John:
First of all, they hate your guts.Those bastards.Second, when I finish all my training,
I'm probably gonna be a typist.Now, when you invade
a hostile foreign nation......you don't send your typists
in the first wave.They got guys who like to do that,
John. Let's give them a call, okay?Okay.Yeah, we won't go in.-Okay.
-Okay, let's go.Oh, my hero.Damn it, though, we're so close.
I'd love to just go take a look.I mean, the Iron Curtain, it's gotta look
great. I'd love to have a picture of it.Think we could do that?Take about an hour. We could drive
over, get pictures and come back.-We'll just look?
-Yeah.-Okay. Let's look.
-Yeah, that's a much better plan.We're so damn lost.
Where the hell is Innsbruck, Austria?We're trying to get over there,
do some skiing.-Do you know Brandy? Hi, girls.
-Excuse me.-What a darling border guard.
-Is there a bathroom here?Bathroom, girls. Bathroom.There must be a bathroom
here somewhere.Bathroom. Bathroom.Hi. I'm John Winger
of the United States Army...-...and you are my prisoner.
-Why are you doing this?Chicago.Why do we want prisoners?
What do we want with prisoners?Come on, move!Do the words "act of war"
mean anything to you, huh?-I have a plan.
-Great. Custer had a plan too.We are in serious troubIe.He said he had a plan.
Now, just give him a chance.Hello, hello!What an idiot.
Get in here.-All right, we're in.
-Nice work, John.-What's the plan?
-I'm working on it.Oh, my God, what an idiot.
He's working on it.The absence of a plan is ridiculous.Hey, they're about
to start shooting at us.-Good. That's fine. Let them.
-It's working.-Louise, get this thing moving.
-You're dangerous, you know that?Oh, this is interesting.I got it figured this way: They got
one big gun, a couple of tanks.They got a hundred Baryshnikovs
running around.-And what do we got?
-What do we got?We got one heavily armed
recreational vehicle here, man.Okay, find that truck,
and we find them.-There's a gun in that tower, Russell.
-I see him.All right, steady, steady.-Got him!
-All right! Oh, God!Good one, Russell.-There's the truck.
-Must be them. Get ready!Out, please!John, over here!-That was stupid.
-Yeah.-You know who would love this?
-Who?Russell. He should be here.-Russell!
-Russell!Help!-Thank you.
-That helped.They'd better be in there.You can beat me
as much as you want!-Are you okay?
-Where are they?-Hi.
-Where are the others?Hello?Hello!Hello?-Hello?
-Hello.-Who is it?
-It's Idi Amin.-It's Winger!
-We're free!It's us, Winger! Get us out!All right, stand back from the door.
I'm gonna blow it.Everybody back! Everybody back!Get it.Get down.-Whoa, tough door!
-You got it locked on the inside?It's because of you people
that I cannot get outside!It's always your fault.
You are not capable of handling--To take orders from me, who is---Open this door, pIease!
-I'm gonna squash him!-Winger! Oh, I'm so glad!
-What are you doing here?Look out, Louise!
There's a tank behind us! Move it!Find John, will you?
I'm gonna kill him.We had a car waiting.Russell?Let's get out of here!We're here!John!Come on!You are in trouble!
This is government property--Something's blocking the road.
Hang on!Hang on!I'm getting too old for this shit!Gentlemen, we are in Germany!I hate tourist season.Such a truck would be good
for picking up girls in Minsk.Platoon, ten-hut!Queen Anne salute!Get up!Thank you.
It's great to be back home.My people, we're number one.
All right.Ox, we got medals. Look.
Valortorious Service. Thank you.What the--? A surprise party!I'll kill you. Whose idea was this?All right, everybody's coming
to my place. This is ridiculous.Senator, hang onto that,
will you, for me?Oh, I wrote.
I didn't know if you'd come.No questions, please.We just want to get back
to our hotel rooms......and have some really serious sex.What are you looking at?
Keep your eyes out there.Oh, you old dog.Right face!Forward march!Left, left, left, right, left.Five, six, seven, eight.