He slaughtered our men. . .our brothers. . .our sons.The dead cry out
to us for justice.On their souls,
I swear to you.The man who took
our loved ones from us. . .the man who has brought us
such pain and sorrow.We will find him.We will bring him here.We will not rest
until his blood flows
into this very ground.We will have our revenge.Sir? Excuse me.Yeah.The finish is included
in the cost of the wash.That's okay,
I'd rather do it myself.I'm a little
obsessive that way.Lenore.
Bryan.Hi. How are you?Fine. You?Mmm, good, good.ls something up?No.
It's Saturday,
two o'clock.Kim's driving lesson?Uh. . . Music lesson
got switched.The Tuesday one
or the Friday one?I have no idea.You know how kids are.
Mmm-hmm.Especially the ones
who are desperateto pass their driving
test at the third try.She's not desperate.But she failed
the test twice, Lennie.
It's important.So, where is she, really?I've never been
a good liar, have I?(CHUCKLING)
No, it's not your forte.She's at her boyfriend.She has a boyfriend?Do you want to
come in for a drink?Yeah.
I think you should.Why didn't she tell me,
for God's sake?
(LENORE SIGHING)She probably didn't
want you running
a full security check. . .of everything he's done
since kindergarten.But she's okay, right?Yeah, she's okay.Lennie, tell me
it's none of my business. . .but are you okay?No.Not really.We've separated.Lennie, if there's
anything I can do. . .Well, I better. . .Thanks for the wine.Bryan.Don't.I don't even know
where the kid lives.You found her in a city
of 1 2 million people
within 72 hours.Promise me.I just told you--
Promise.I'm going to
give her her space.Let me show you
what I knowLet me take you
where I'll goI want to, yeah,
share with youWhy won't you let me...Um. . . Just wait a sec.What?I really like you.What is it?Um. . .
It's okay. It's okay.Take all the time you need.Hi.May I help you?ls Kim here?
Yeah, and you are. . .?Her father.Mr. Mills,
what a pleasure.
I'm Jamie.Come in.Can I get you anything?
A drink?Just my daughter
will be fine.Dad?Hi.What are you doing here?I know how important
it is for you
to pass your test.Wait. Kim, you don't
have a license?Have you ever tried to
parallel park an Escalade?I told you to take
the test with my car.God. Dad.Thank you.A pleasure to
meet you, Mr. Mills.BRYAN: Could we slow down
a little bit, please?I can't believe
you just did that.
(SIGHING)You're leaving on
fall break next week.This is the only time
I can get to do this
before I go to Istanbul.We planned this.
When you make plans,
you keep them.No, Dad,
you planned this.How did you
even find me?Your mom and I
were talking.Why didn't
you tell me you
have a boyfriend?Because I knew
you'd overreact. . .and I just want to
feel normal even if
I'm just pretending.Remember to brake
before the stop--Dad.Mom doesn't know
where Jamie lives.GPS?I had it installed
in your phone.
I'm sorry.You hear so many
scary stories of goings-on
with people your age--Dad, I don't even know
how to start
feeling normal again. . .but this
definitely isn't it.Kim, you can move.Use your side mirror.Perfect. Why couldn't you
do that in the test?I don't know.Maybe I didn't really
want a license.Listen. . .of course I know
where you're coming from.But you have to trust me
to figure this out.Don't do this
again, please?I won't.And don't go running
a background check on him
with your friends.I won't.Okay.See you Wednesday.Two o'clock.Love you.Hey, I love you.Yeah.Sam. Hi. It's me.Listen. I want you to
run a check on someone.
Jamie Conrad.The usual.
Not too deep.You got it.Okay. Thanks.Sir.Thank you.Mr. Pitrel?I have a registered letter for you.-Can you take that up, Sébastien?
-Yes, sir.Here.Sébastien?Where is he?I told you.I don't know.Where is he?Okay.You want to play with me.No, no!But I'm a good player, too.Shh !Look.PITREL: No, no!I guess the rules
are changing.This man came to Paris.He used a card
to come into our houseand kill my friends. .And my brother.This is your card.Where is he?Where is he?
(MUFFLED SCREAM)LENORE: Stu,
where are you going?
Come back!What's happened?
Are you okay?Yeah, I'm great.Come in. I'll get Kim.Hey, hey, hey.Lennie, talk to me.We had this trip
planned to China
for Kim's spring break. . .as a family, to try
and work things out.And when Stu and I--I just thought
it would be nice
for Kim and Ito be away together. . .away from
all the tension.He canceled everything.All the reservations.I just can't believe
he did this to us.I'm just so tired.Just the fighting,
the lawyers.He's turned into
such a bastard.I'm sorry, Lennie.I'm sorry.I'm sorry.
This is really
not your problem.It's my turn to have--I'll figure it out.Look. . .why don't you and
Kim come with me?But we can't
impose on you.
You're working.You're not imposing.I'm working
for three days.Then you can come over.lt could be fun.That's so sweet.I don't know.
I can't think right now.Sure, I understand.
No pressure.I leave in the morning.
I work three days. Call me.If you're coming,
I'll hang around.
If not, I'll come back.That's it.I'll go get Kim.Okay.Thank you, Bryan.SAM: She is
definitely coming.I don't know.
Sam, I don't know.
Oh, come on.You should have insisted.
Mmm-hmm.Come on, guys.
Cut me some slack.She's going
through a hard time.I didn't want to
make it harder on her.She was confiding in me.Oh ! I didn't know you guys
were still so cozy. . .that she shares her
marriage issues with you.Wait a minute.I know you guys
were close, obviously,
but are you close again?Close like--I'll lay money
she's still got
something for him.Don't go there, friend.(CHUCKLING)
Maybe he still has
something for her!Can we talk about basketball?
For God's sake, come on !Istanbul.Thank you, Mr. Mills.You made my stay
feel very secure.Thank you.
Have a safe trip home.You also.You've reached Lenore.
Leave a message
after the beep.Hey, it's me.No message from you. . .so I guess you probably
found some place to go.I hope things are
a little easier.If you ever need
to talk or anything,
I'm here.I mean, I'll be there.I'll probably
ship out tomorrow.No news from Kim.I guess she's busy
with the boyfriend
and all.Dad.Surprise!Oh, my God. Kim, baby.Hey, Lennie.
Hello, Bryan.I was just
leaving you a message.
When I didn't hear, it was--We wanted to
surprise you.Well, you succeeded.You guys could have
been surprised.I could have been out
of here and headed home.Mom's been calling Sam.Oh, yeah?
Uh-huh. Yes.We've been tracking you.Exactly.
You're not the only one
who's got moves.Apparently not.Welcome to Istanbul.Not too shabby, huh?Wow.Oh, my God.Mom, look at this.Oh, my God !KIM: It's crazy, right?LENORE: It's beautiful !Thank you so much.
My pleasure.Listen, I'll let you
get settled. . .and I'll come
and collect you
in half an hour?Okay.Later.Good morning.Good.Go.Fast.Let's go.LENORE: Hey.
Hey.You look great.You, too.So, where are we heading?Well, I am
going nowhere.
I'm beat.I'm just going to
take a nice long bath
and get into bed.Lennie. Are you sure?Yeah.I guess it's just
you and me, kiddo.Anything special
you'd like to do?Kind of. Maybe.Hey.
Hey.You ready to take off, too?No, I thought I'd stick around
for a couple of more hours.Really?
Yeah.Cool.
No. Just kidding.Come on. Let's go.
All right.
It's so crazy here.On this side is Europe,
and the other side is Asia.And every conquest since,
for the last 2,500 years. . .whether it was
the West going East
or the East going West. . .they all used this
very same waterway.You want some tea, baby?
Yeah.Just one, please.How do you know
all this stuff?How do I know it?I read it in a book
on the flight over.And you can
borrow it
if you wish.Yeah, I would.So, this Jamie. . .ls it. . . serious?That was a really
smooth transition.I don't know.It's only been
a few months.Are you in love with him?I guess I'm not sure yet.Have you ever
been in love before?Not the way that
Mom talks about it.How does she
describe it?She said when
you guys met. . .that it was
super special.Super special?
She said that?I think the exact
word she used was. . ."magical."Magical, huh?It's good to see
you again, my friend.ls everything prepared?As you requested.Ah ! Perfect.Yeah?
He's in the lobby.Wait until he's outside.And remember, alive.He's on to me.
I'm leaving.Hey.
BRYAN: Hi.I thought we were
having lunch in the bazaar.Um. . .Jet lag just hit me. . .so I figured I'd
veg out by the pool
and let you guys go.Meet up with you later?I guess. Okay with you?Of course. It's fine.Oh, okay. Bye.
Hey, Kim.That book I was
telling you about?
It's on my dresser.Definitely.No adventuring.
I'll go call the car.Have fun.Hey, Kim.(SOFTLY) I know
what you're doing.(CHUCKLING) What?Yeah?The daughter
is staying here.
What can we do?I want all three of them.Yes?She thinks we just
fell off the turnip truck.What do you mean?She's trying
to play cupid.Oh, I see.When you first
came back. . .and said you wanted to
make up for all that timethat you lost with Kim?
Uh-huh?I thought, "Right.
Three weeks, he's gone."That was usually
about the limit
you stuck around.Give or take a week.Not too close.LENORE: You really
proved me wrong.
I thought you'd never change.Why not?I don't know.
Your personality.When you commit
to something. . .you focus all
your energy there.Like a dog with a bone.Nice analogy.(CHUCKLING)
You know what I mean.When you give,
it's 1 00 percent
of 1 00 percent.If I was on to something,
it was just that thing.Even though I tell myself
I should change. . .I could never
give it up.You gave us up.
Mmm-mmm.No, never.Not in here.Driver, turn left.Lennie, don't.What?Will you tell me
what's going on?It's okay.Where is he?You see the gallery entrance
in the middle of the block?Will you tell me
what's going on?
Do you see it?Yeah, I see it.When we stop,
I want you to get outof the car like
you're a shopper.I want you
to go inside.Will you tell me
what's going on?Listen to me.Lennie, there's
no time for this.Just talk to me!
Listen.When you exit the back
of the fabric store,
turn right.Take the first
street on the right,then left on
the very next street.Go straight
until you come
to a set of steps.There's a red corridor.
It's a lane.When you exit the lane,
there's a cab stand.Go back to the hotel.Get Kim.
Get the head of
hotel security. . .and demand that he
cordon off your room.Do not open
the door for anyone.No room service,
no police, no one.
You wait for me.I can't believe
this is happening.I need you to focus.Are you ready?No.I need you to be ready.
I need you to be ready.Come on, focus.Driver, stop.Okay, go.Wait, what about you?I'll be fine.It's the guys following us
who are about to
have a problem.When a dog
has a bone. . .the last thing you
want to do is try
and take it from him.Be careful.Out of the car.Come on. Move,
move, move!Sir! Please.Please. Sir!He knows.Do it now.Come on.Shit.Come on, Kim,
answer the goddamn phone.He's gone!Oh, God, no!
Somebody help me!The key!
Open the door, please!Shit!I'll blow his brains out.Oh, Bryan !Please!Drop the gun.I really wish
you were here.Me too.
You have no idea.
(PHONE BUZZING)What?My dad's calling.He's on a date
with my mom.I'll call you right back.Miss you. Bye.How's it going?Listen to me
carefully, Kim.Your mother and I. . .are going to be taken.Daddy!Oh, my God.And people are going to
come for you, too.Leave the place
where you are calmly.Go to where the book
is I told you about.There's a door.
Go into the room and
hide in the closet.You got that?
Yes.Good. I'll call you.Go, now.LENORE: No!No!She is in room 422.LENORE: No! No!BRYAN: One, two, three...four, five, six.Right turn.Man singing.One, two, three...four.Boat.The pool!Security, fourth floor.Do you copy me?Send someone now.BRYAN: 25...26... 27...28...
(BOAT HORN BLOWING)29.Stop.She's not here.-Not here?
-Check her dad's room.BRYAN: Hammer on metal.Left. Gear shift
to second.One, two, three.
(TICKING)Birds.You have them?SUKO: Yes, efendi. Both.Take them to the shop.Look!A flip-flop.You go left!C'mon!BRYAN: Right turn.Twenty-seven.Stop.LENORE: No! No!I shot some guy!Come on, Sam. Pick up.Hey, this is Sam.
Leave me a message.Shit.Are you guys okay?No, no.
Are you all right?Yes.I'm just scared.Kim, listen to me
very carefully.(SOBBING)
I need you to calm down
and pull yourself together.Okay.The men who came for you,
did they leave?Yes. What do they want?I'm going to find out.ls Mom okay?Dad.Mom's fine.Okay.What are we
going to do?I want you to go
to the U.S. Embassy.
You'll be safe there.What about you and Mom?I'll figure something out.Where are you now?I don't really know, Kim.Dad, how can I tell them
where to find you, then?You can't.
Now get going.No.Kimmie. . .No. Tell me what to do.No, Kim.Dad, if you
tell me what to do,
I can do it.Kim, this is
not a game.I know that.
It's my parents' lives.Dad, please.You're wasting time.Please.Tell me what to do.Can you get out of
the closet safely?Yes.If you can,
take the case with you.Okay.I'm out.The combination
is 23-28-84.Is it open?
Yeah.Okay. Do you see a map?Yeah.Take the map.You'll see a scale
on the top
in kilometers.Do you see it?Yeah, I see it.Take a shoelace
from one of my shoes
in the closet.Use it as a guide.There's a pen
in the case.Take it.Draw a circle
with the hotel in
the center of it.It's done.Make the diameter
three kilometers.You got that?It's done.Draw another circle
with the market
in the center.Okay.Do the circles
intersect at any points?No.Now, take one of
those little cans,the ones with
the pins on the top.It's a grenade.I want you to
go to the balcony
with the grenade.Is there a safe place
you can throw it?There's a parking garage.Anyone on it?KIM: No.I want you to
pull the pin
out of the grenade. . .count to three
so I can hear it,then toss it as
far as you can.And then run back
into the room.Keep the phone on
so I can hear
the explosion.One. . .two...three.One, two, three. . .Dad?Now draw a circle
on the map with the hotel
in the middle. . .and the circumference
at 4.5 kilometers.Do the circles
intersect at any points?Yeah, at two points.I'm at one of the two
intersecting points.Now go outside
and look at the flags
on the rooftops.Do you see the flags?Yes.
Are they in the wind?Yeah.
Going east, right?I think so, yeah.
How did you know?Now look at the map.I want you to go to
the point where the circles
intersect at the east.I want you to take
one of the guns,get to a rooftop,
wait for my call.And two of the grenades.Go to the rooftop at
the most easterly point.Get up to the rooftop.Wait for my call.Be casual, Kim.
Blend in.Okay.
(METAL CLANGING)Dad?Who are you?Those clothes don't belong to you.Help!There's a thief in here!You know this man?This one?No.This one?What do you want?You recognize
none of them.To you,
they were nothing.But to other people. . .they are sons
and grandsons.Fathers and husbands.And you killed them all.Like they were
so many nothings.(WHISPERING)
And this one?You recognize him?You do recognize him.Him, you didn't just kill.
Him, you strapped to a chair.You attached electric
cables to the chair.You turned
the current on. . .and you left it on
until his heart burst.He's the one who
kidnapped dozens of girls
and ruined their lives.He was my son.Marko, from Tropojë.And I have come to
take you to Tropojë. . .to face you to the people
whose lives you have ruined.To give them justice.You mean to
give them revenge.lt if gives us peace
call it anything you wish.I killed your son
because he kidnapped
my daughter.I don't care
what he did !I only know. . .I will never see
his face again.I will never
hear his voice.And as you held
him responsible
for your daughter. . .I hold you
responsible for him.Your death will
not be quick.lt will not be pleasant.But before you die. . .this is what
you will see.Bring her in.Bryan. . .How long will it take
for the blood to
rush to her head. . .and have no place to go?About 30 minutes.You are right.
You're an expert for this.So you have
30 minutes
to watch her die.She had nothing
to do with this.Do what you
want with me.
Let her go.Don't play
the hero with me.Now we are going to
catch your daughter.She will be sold
to the lowest brothel
in this world.LENORE: No! No!She will be abused
by so many men. . .that she'll be nothing more
than a piece of meat
a dog would not have.Don't listen
to them, Lennie.Kim is safe.I spoke with her.She's safe.You have to stay calm.
Breathe slowly.You have to.I won't let anything
happen to you,
or to her.I promise.MAN: Hello, Murad?
Shh !Quiet.We lost the girl.The girl has gone.I'll be back as
soon as we get her,
then we move.Come on!Hold on, Lennie.Hold on, Lennie.
Hold on.What's he doing?Get out of the way!Sorry! Sorry!Come back!
You have to pay!Lennie.I'm with you, baby.
I'm here. I'm here.Come on. Call.Please, come on.Lennie.Bryan.Lennie. Lennie.I'm coming back.Please.I'm here.Set off another grenade.Dad?
You're close.I want you to
keep moving east.Count to 30
and then set off
another one.One, two, three. . .1 8, 1 9. . .26, 27. . .28, 29. . .30.Go out and check
what's going on.Kim.
Yeah.Look east.
Look for a white
cloud of steam.I see it.Run to it.
Tell me when
you're there.I'm going down.Dad.
Where are you?I'm right by the steam.Drop the gun
down the vent.Oh, God, they're here.
They're coming.Drop the gun,
Kim, and run.Go.Dad! They're coming.I'm coming back.Drop that.On your knees!Don't do this.Please.Dad?Dad ! Dad !Baby.Where's Mom?
ls she okay?She's safe.
She's safe.Slow down,
slow down, slow down.I've got a fare.I'll be back.That man had
the same tattoo
as the men in Paris.It's not you
they want, Kim.
It's me.I want you to wait here.
I'm going to get Mom.Wait five minutes,
and if I don't show up. . .I want you to
go straight here,
to the American Embassy.Tell them
what happened.
Dad. . .No time, Kim.
Give me your phone.You wait five minutes,
not a moment longer.No matter what happens,
time runs out, you go.You understand me?Okay.No!No.Bryan !Yes?Move!You killed him.
I had no choice. Move.Where's Mom?
She's fine,
she's not far.Where is she?
Come on, move!I don't want
to do this.
Keep going, Kim.Where are we going?Go straight.
We have to go
to the Embassy.I'm not sure I can.Do you know
how to shoot?
No.Then drive.They escaped.Officer down in Balat.Copy.Shit, cops.I have to stop.No, I just shot
one of them.
Now, go.Come on, go!Right.Back, back, back!Come on, move!Come on, Kim.Go, go!Faster.Keep going.Left!
Yeah.They're in the taxi!Keep going.Oh, no.
Shit.Stay low. Keep going.Come on, faster.
I can't.You can do it!
I can't!Come on, move! Move.Dad !
Keep going.KIM: Move!Right.Oh, shit.No!Come on, Kim. Move!Go!
I'm trying.Come on, keep going.Turn left.Shit.Dad !Keep going. Stay low.Faster, Kim.
I can't.(HORN BLARING)Come on, faster!
Dad !Keep going.You can make it.Do it.Here! Don't stop.But the soldiers.They'll move.Down, Kim !MAN ON P.A. : Nobody shoot.It's a suicide bomber.Are you okay?Yeah.Keep your head
down, Kimmie.Hey, Bry.Sam, we're in a courtyard
of the U.S. Embassy
in Istanbul...in a smashed-up car.Don't ask.Can you call someone
to make sure we
don't get shot?Yeah, of course.Thanks.It's Bry.
He's in trouble
in Istanbul.Mom didn't
get away, did she?No.Oh, God, Dad.Tell me the truth.
ls she. . .No, no, no, Kim.
No, she's not.But they have her.And they will use her
until they get
what they want.Me.You'll be safe
here in the Embassy
until I come back.Kimmie, it's
going to be okay.Nothing's okay.Kim, listen.I have to find them. . .and bring your mom back.And then I have to
make sure these peoplenever bother us
again in our lives.What are you
going to do?What I do best.Mrs. Mills.What should I do
with you, Mrs. Mills?I have nothing
against you.You didn't kill my son.But your husband did.Now, he betrayed
you by choosingto save your daughter
instead of you.He left you here
like a dog.At least
my daughter
is still alive.Mrs. Mills,
you're a good mother. . .and a brave woman.For that,
I'm going to send
you back home. . .piece by piece.Shut up!Ohri, shoot this dog.Go and see
what's happened.Let's go.
Move through here,
to the hammam.Hurry!Mirko!You stay here.LENORE: No!No.No. Bryan !MURAD: Come on !You can't come in!Get lost.Lennie.Lennie.I'm here, baby.
I'm here.I'm coming back, Lennie.
I'm coming back.Okay?What are you
waiting for?You have other sons?Two.And if I killed you,
they will come
and seek revenge.They will, for sure.And I will
kill them, too.You can change that.You can go home,
live your life.Enjoy your sons,
your grandsons.And my other son. . .Marko.The son you killed.Am I supposed to
just forget it?No.You will just have
to live with it,like the parents of all
those kidnapped girls.Or you can die here.What are you
telling me?What I'm saying is,
if you give me your word. . .I will throw down this gun
and simply walk away.Why?Because I am
tired of it all.Lennie, I'm here.I'm here, baby.
I'm here.Come on, baby.It's okay. It's okay.It's okay.We're safe.Bryan. . .Kim.Kim. . .She's safe.We're all safe.Okay.Line it up.That's it.Now, begin to cut.Not too fast,
not too fast.Straighten it out.
Straighten, straighten.That's it.Stop, stop, stop.Perfect.Perfect score.Great!Congratulations.Thank you.I was perfect.I've been
saying that since
the day you were born.Congratulations.So, what would
you like to do
to celebrate?Um. . .I think I have an idea.Yeah?Yeah. I'll drive.Of course.Don't knock it
till you try itJust come out to LA...Here you go.
Three double-chocolate fudge.Thank you.Who's having
the strawberry?I'm sorry,
but I just
ordered three.Actually, the order
said four.I ordered the fourth one.For who?Oh, Jamie.Hey.Hi.Hi. Perfect timing.Jamie.It's cool if he
joins us, right?Of course it is, honey.Dad?Of course it is, honey.
Behave.It's nice to see
you again, sir.Nice to see you, too.
Sit down.Hi.LENORE: We got you
a strawberry.Oh, please.Thanks, Dad.Don't shoot this one.
I really like him.You know I'm not one
to break promisesI don't want to hurt you
but I need to breatheAt the end of it all
you're still my best friendBut there's something inside
that I need to releaseWhich way is right
Which way is wrongHow do I say that
I need to move onYou know we're
headed separate waysAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youThere's nothing
I can really sayI can't lie no more
I can't hide no moreGot to be true to myselfAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youSo I'll be on my wayYou gave me more
that I can returnYet there's oh, so much
that you deserveThere's nothing to say
nothing to doI've nothing to give
I must leave without youYou know we're
headed separate waysAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youThere's nothing
I can really sayI can't lie no more
I can't hide no moreGot to be true to myselfAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youSo I'll be on my wayAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youThere's nothing
that I can really sayI can't lie no more
I can't hide no moreGot to be true to myselfAnd it feels like I am
just too close to love youSo I'll be on my way