Cheerio, lads.Cheerio, lads.Cheerio, lads.Cheerio, lads.Keep your voice down, Croker!
You're not out yet.Keep your voice down, Croker!
You're not out yet.Keep your voice down, Croker!
You're not out yet.Keep your voice down, Croker!
You're not out yet.Keep your voice down, Croker!
You're not out yet.-Sorry, sir.
-Good luck, Charles.-Sorry, sir.
-Good luck, Charles.-Sorry, sir.
-Good luck, Charles.-Sorry, sir.
-Good luck, Charles.-Sorry, sir.
-Good luck, Charles.Bye-bye, Jack.Bye-bye, Jack.Bye-bye, Jack.Remember me to the old woman,
Charlie.Remember me to the old woman,
Charlie.Remember me to the old woman,
Charlie.Remember me to the old woman,
Charlie.l will, Harry. l will.l will, Harry. l will.l will, Harry. l will.l will, Harry. l will.Say hello to the big world for me,
Charlie.Say hello to the big world for me,
Charlie.Say hello to the big world for me,
Charlie.Say hello to the big world for me,
Charlie.Say hello to the big world for me,
Charlie.Bye-bye.Bye-bye.Bye-bye.Bye-bye.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.Goodbye, Mr Bridger.Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Did you hear that?
He said, "Goodbye, Mr Bridger."Well, he's going, Mr Bridger.Well, he's going, Mr Bridger.Well, he's going, Mr Bridger.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.Well, as long as he doesn't come back.
That's all l care.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.They say he's going to do a job in ltaly.Well, l hope he likes spaghetti.Well, l hope he likes spaghetti.Well, l hope he likes spaghetti.Well, l hope he likes spaghetti.Well, l hope he likes spaghetti.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.They serve it four times a day
in the ltalian prisons.Charlie.Charlie.Charlie.Charlie.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Well, you're the last person
l expected to see, Lorna.Charlie, l've been counting the days.Charlie, l've been counting the days.Charlie, l've been counting the days.Charlie, l've been counting the days.Charlie, l've been counting the days.Yeah? Well, why didn't you come
and see me when l was inside then?Yeah? Well, why didn't you come
and see me when l was inside then?Yeah? Well, why didn't you come
and see me when l was inside then?Yeah? Well, why didn't you come
and see me when l was inside then?Yeah? Well, why didn't you come
and see me when l was inside then?Charlie, you know that's not my scene.Charlie, you know that's not my scene.Charlie, you know that's not my scene.Charlie, you know that's not my scene.l mean, can you see me sitting there
holding your hands across the table,l mean, can you see me sitting there
holding your hands across the table,l mean, can you see me sitting there
holding your hands across the table,l mean, can you see me sitting there
holding your hands across the table,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,with all those weeping wives around
with their howling kids,and then the guards looking at meand then the guards looking at meas if l've got something
hidden up my dress?as if l've got something
hidden up my dress?as if l've got something
hidden up my dress?as if l've got something
hidden up my dress?-l did miss you, Charlie.
-Yeah?-l did miss you, Charlie.
-Yeah?-l did miss you, Charlie.
-Yeah?-l did miss you, Charlie.
-Yeah?l made an appointment
for you to go to the tailor first.l made an appointment
for you to go to the tailor first.l made an appointment
for you to go to the tailor first.l made an appointment
for you to go to the tailor first.l made an appointment
for you to go to the tailor first.And then you go to the shirt maker
and...And then you go to the shirt maker
and...And then you go to the shirt maker
and...This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.This car belongs
to the Pakistani ambassador.-lt does?
-Typical, isn't it?-lt does?
-Typical, isn't it?-lt does?
-Typical, isn't it?-lt does?
-Typical, isn't it?l've been out of jail five minutes
and already l'm in a hot car.l've been out of jail five minutes
and already l'm in a hot car.l've been out of jail five minutes
and already l'm in a hot car.l've been out of jail five minutes
and already l'm in a hot car.l've been out of jail five minutes
and already l'm in a hot car.Charlie, l just wanted you
to come out in style, baby.Charlie, l just wanted you
to come out in style, baby.Take me to my tailor.Very elegant, sir. l do believe
you've put on a little weight.Yes, well, l've been in America,
you see.lt's the bread in the hamburgers.-ls that so?
-Yes.Well, l'm glad you're out. l mean, back.l don't want to be rude, Charles,
but times have changed.l'll tell you something, Adrian,
when l went in that was all the go.What did you do? Life?You know, Charles,
you could put all these in a museum.l'll tell you what l'll do with you, Adrian.
l'll tell you what l'll do.-l'll take this lot now.
-Quite revolting.l'll take this lot now. You wrap them up.-And do us a favour, Adrian.
-Yeah.Shorten the sleeves will you, love?
l'm not a gorilla.Yes. Yes.
Well, there we are, Captain Croker.l think you'll find
we've kept it in perfect tone.l'll just run the engine for you, shall l?You'll be able to hear
what it sounds like.There we are. How's that?-l say.
-Yes?-l say.
-Hello?There you are.
l thought l'd lost you for a second.No, l came round here.
l was just thinking,maybe it needs a little more air...-Yeah.
-...through the second carburettor.-Do you think so?
-Yeah, listen. There.-Yes, maybe you're right.
-Yes.-Yes. All right, l'll...
-No, l'll do it. Just stay there.Would you open the bonnet for me,
please?-Yes.
-Yes, thank you.-l wonder if you'd hold this for me?
-The...-The bonnet, yes.
-Yes, of course.Thank you.-l didn't quite...
-Yes. There we are.-Do you want me to just...
-Hold. Thank you very much.-There we are.
-Now...-Yes. l can...
-How are you doing?l can see what's wrong.
lt's very, very small.Maybe... l don't know.
No, it's all right. Leave it. Leave it.-Shall l...
-Yes, you shut it and l'll lock it all.Thank you.How are you doing? All right?Yes, it's a long time since l was in here.l dare say. There we are.l haven't been in this car for so long.Yes, l gather you've been in lndia
for about two years, sir.-Yeah, shooting tigers.
-Really? Splendid.The garage bill, sir.-Yeah?
-Well, l'm afraid it's £200.But, of course,
if you insist we can charge it.No, no. Please, please.There's a bounty for shooting tigers,
you know?-Well...
-Yes, it's £50 a head.-Really? There's no need to pay... l see.
-These are wrapped in bundles of 200.-Well, there's no need to pay...
-No, that's quite all right.Yes, you must have shot
an awful lot of tigers, sir.Yes, l used a machine gun.<i>CaIIing Mr WiIIiams. Mr R. J. WiIIiams.</i><i>Will Mr Williams please come
to reception...</i>-Lord Croker. l am expected.
-Yes, Your Lordship. Suite 602.And there's a message.Thank you.Hello, Charlie.Well, shut the door, Charlie.
You're gonna cause a terrible draught.Ladies?Hey, Charlie.-Hello, Charlie.
-Hi, Charlie.-Love you, Charlie.
-Ciao, Charlie.-Nice, Charlie.
-Good to see you, Charlie.Sweet, Charlie.Well, l thought, a coming-out present.Very nice. Very nice.-Now, what would you like?
-Everything.-Where's your old man?
-He is dead.ln the Alps, in a car crash.
lt wasn't an accident.Well, there goes the job, then.-Wait, Mr Croker.
-Yes, Mrs Beckerman.This is for you.What's this?
Some sort of a consolation prize?These are all the plans that my husband
didn't have time to complete.-He wants you to finish them.
-He does, does he?Tell me, where do you figurein the plans your husband
didn't have time to complete?l don't.l am going to New York
tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m.Pity.But that still gives us four hours to kill.And you still in your widow's weeds.<i>-Charlie Croker, l am dead.
-Hello, Roger.</i><i>So l have arranged for my widow to
deliver some material to you in England.</i>Yes, l got it.<i>There you must find the backing
to do the job.</i><i>You must, Charlie,
because it is a work of genius.</i><i>Just think of it.</i><i>A city in chaos, a smash-and-grab raid</i><i>and $4 miIIion through a traffic jam.</i>$4 million?<i>This is the city of Turin,
the industrial capital of ltaly,</i><i>the most modern in Europe,
famed for its architecture,</i><i>and soon, l trust, for
the greatest robbery of the 20th century.</i><i>This is the Fiat armoured convoy.</i><i>lt leaves Turin airport every week.</i><i>lt never carries less than $4 million.</i>l think we could take that over, Roger.<i>To reach its destination,
the convoy has to travel</i><i>through one of the busiest
traffic systems in Europe,</i><i>a system which is controlled
by television cameras</i><i>and by the computer in this building,
the Turin Traffic ControI Centre.</i><i>If you can get into this room, CharIie,</i><i>you will cause the biggest traffic jam
in the history of the world.</i><i>Every street in the city
will be paralysed,</i><i>and then you will have a chance
to ambush the convoy.</i>Very nice.<i>Now, Charlie,
first you neutralise the TV cameras</i><i>which overlook the convoy's route.</i><i>You do this
with these little gadgets here. Look.</i><i>-Yeah.
-Second,</i><i>you break into the computer building
and substitute this new programme.</i><i>-Got it.
-And this causes the jam.</i>Right.<i>Third, you attack the convoy
in your own inimitabIe way, CharIie.</i><i>And fourth, you escape</i><i>on the only route out of the city
which is not blocked up with traffic.</i><i>You'II find the detaiIs of the route
in this portfolio.</i><i>Within just two hours,</i><i>you will be over the Alps
and into SwitzerIand.</i><i>And within three, you'll have the money
safe and sound in a Geneva bank.</i><i>-Make it work, Charlie.
-l will, Roger.</i>$4 million through a traffic jam.Money received from the collection
of Brighton so far is £15,000.Hello. Camp Freddie?<i>CharIie Croker.
l thought you were in ltaly.</i>-l want to see Bridger.
-Mr Bridger to you.l've got a job.<i>If it's the GPO, City Road,
it's being done next week.</i>Freddie, this job is bigger than anything
Bridger's done up until now.lf it's the Bank of England, it's out.Mr Bridger's very worried
about the economy of the country.Exactly, Freddie.
Now, tell Bridger this is a foreign jobto help with this country's balance
of payments.Charlie, l don't think
you have the kind of schemethat yields the size of profit
that Mr Bridger is accustomed to.But, Freddie, this job is big.Charlie, you wouldn't even know
how to spell big.B-l-G. Big.Now then, Butch Harry,
tell us about Fulham.Well, now, Fulham,
a bit dodgy at the moment.How are you?
How do you feel about a little outing?Now l need Hazel.
Hazel, my lovely, out you come.Come on, then, for me. There you are.lt's a long time since
you've seen the nightlife, innit, darling?Wait a minute. Where's my torch?
Where's my bloody torch?-Good evening, Mr Bridger.
-Croker.-Mr Bridger, l've got a job lined up.
-Get out of here.lt's all here,
maps, drawings, plans, everything.You've been put up to this, haven't you?You've been bribed to upset
my natural rhythm and ruin my health.No, Mr Bridger.
Mr Bridger, this is important.$4 million. Europe.The Common Market.
ltaly, the Fiat car factory.-Croker, this is my toilet.
-Please. Just read it, Mr Bridger.Get out.Are you all right, Mr Bridger?
You all right?He's all right.l can always take it to the Americans.They're people
who recognise young talentand give it a chance, they are.Last night, Mr Governor,
my toilet was broken into.-Toilet?
-Toilet.-Broken into?
-Broken into.Well, l'm terribly sorry.There are some places, Governor,
which, to an Englishman, are sacred.-Well, l've apologised, Bridger.
-And so you should have.You are not doing your job properly.
Her Majesty's prison is therenot only to keep people from getting out,
but to prevent people from getting in.You are symptomatic of the lazy,
unimaginative managementwhich is driving this country
on the rocks!-Well, is there anything else?
-No, thank you, Governor.By the way, Mr Bridger,
did you happen to recognise the manwho so rudely interrupted you?l've never seen him before in my life.l want Charlie Croker
given a good going-over.-Yes, Mr Bridger.
-Get the word out to Camp Freddie.Yes, Mr Bridger.l don't want him killed.
Just given a good going-over.l understand exactly what you mean,
Mr Bridger.Do you, Keats?
That's very imaginative of you.<i>Sir, l've got you the two volumes
of the Anglo-American Trade,</i>and UK balance of payments,
1966 and '67.<i>And l've also brought you
The lllustrated London News, sir.</i>For why, Keats, for why?-There's a picture of the queen in it, sir.
-That's good of you.-Sir?
-Keats.l often wonder whether one day
you're going to top your careerby doing a job on their house.You must learn, Keats, there are more
things to life than breaking and entering.Yes, Mr Bridger.By the way, while we're on the subject,l notice that some of that young mob
in E Block are not standing to attentionwhile the national anthem is played
at the end of the nightly TV.Tell them to do so, otherwise
they will incur my displeasure.-Yes, Mr Bridger.
-All right, be off with you.Get that word through to Camp Freddie.Sir.Charlie?-Right then, Fred, come on.
-Wait a minute.Take all your filthy clothes, too.
This is my man, my territory,and don't come back!Charlie's been caught on the job.Okay, Charlie. All right, where are you?l know you're in here, Charlie.
There's no use hiding.Charlie, you had three birds in here.You didn't seem to mind at the hotel,
did you?That was your coming-out present.Yeah, well,
l didn't get a chance to enjoy it.l didn't get a chance to enjoy it today,
neither.Coming in here, causing a fracas.Why don't you even ask me
where l've been, Charlie?You've been with the law, haven't you?Yeah, they got me
for taking the ambassador's car,and they got me
for not even paying the hotel bills.You deserted me, Charlie.Don't come here all moody, Lorna.
You know how the game is played.No, you left me to my fate, Charlie.Usual one, was it?Twenty-four hours in a prison.
lt was humiliating.Yeah, well, how did you get out, then?
How did you get out?Because the ambassador for Pakistan
was a very sweet man.He was a very sweet man, was he?
Go on.And the hotel manager was very nice.Lorna. Lorna, l knew you'd be all right.
l knew you'd be all...Well, it's no thanks to you,
Charlie Croker, l can tell you that.-Lorna, l was busy, wasn't l?
-So l see.So l came in here and saw.
l want you out.-And if you don't think l mean it...
-l was busy doing some work....then you're wrong.-Charlie, it's the law, Charlie.
-What'd you tell them?-Charlie, would l tell them anything?
-Of course you would.-Morning, lads.
-Hello, Croker.We've come
with Mr Bridger's compliments.Sorry it's like this, Charlie.Now, listen, lads...You wouldn't hit a fellow
with no trousers on, would you?Okay, then, put them on.Get away from me!-Have you seen Croker?
-Yes, Mr Bridger.Well, l want you to see him again.l don't think he'll take very kindly to that.-l'm interested in his scheme.
-But, Mr Bridger...What you fail to realise is, Freddie,
that we have a new objective.The Chinese are giving Fiat
$4 million in goldas a down payment on a car plant
they're constructing near Peking.-But Croker...
-Croker can handle it.He's got everything going for him.There's even a football match in Turin
the day before the delivery.England versus ltaly.So there'll be enough
English supporters wandering aboutto cover his movements,
and even to help him, if required.There's only one snag.
We need an expert in computers,someone to look after the technical end.Well, the top man in the country
is Professor Peach.l've seen him on television.-Tell Croker to get him.
-But how?Maybe the Professor's not bent.Camp Freddie,
everybody in the world is bent.Yes, well, my brother's no longer
with us, l'm afraid.No.-You mean, he's...
-No, no, no. Nothing like that.Well, actually, he's in a home.Yes. Well, we thought it best.
For his own good, you know?Was it serious, Miss Peach?-Pam.
-Serious, was it?-What?
-Your brother. ln the home.Yes, l'm afraid
it was quite serious, dear.-lsn't this greenfly awful?
-Yes.Yes, well,
not to put a too fine point to it,he was discovered in the lounge.-Doing what, Miss Peach?
-Where?-ln the lounge.
-Oh, yes, he was doing it. Yes.What?Something quite obscene with Annette.-A net?
-Annette. She was terrified, of course.-Naturally.
-Yes, well. Would you like some tea?Tea. Would you like some?-You're very kind. Yes, please.
-Good.Excuse me a minute.Annette?Annette, would you like to serve tea
in the lounge, dear?l shouldn't let her do that, dear.
That gives them ideas.This is Annette.Professor Peach,
do you see what l'm getting at?Your brawn, my brain.
l'm not stupid, you know.lt's cooperation, isn't it?
Like that flagpole out there.-Flagpole?
-The flagpole in the yard.l mean, l know
if there was a convex mirror up there,27 degrees vertical,
42 degrees horizontal,l could see
straight into Matron's bedroom.Of course, somebody else
would have to be up the pole to fix it.l couldn't do it meself.lt's cooperation, you see?
She's a big woman, you know?Here, wait till you see them ltalian birds.-Are they big? l like them big.
-They're enormous.-Really?
-Very, very, very big.Would we wear stockings
over our heads?-No need for you to.
-l'd like that.l could steal one of Matron's, couldn't l?We'll have you out of here in no time.Of course, l wouldn't want
to get Matron into trouble.Not that way, anyway. She's big. Big.Look out the window, Professor.-Do what?
-Look out the window at my car.-Come on.
-Car?-What car?
-Down there.Gentlemen, gentlemen.
Please, gentlemen. Please.We are about to do a job in ltaly,and l would like to introduce you all
to each other.First, Bill Bailey.
He'll be my number two.Now, you all know Bill.
He's just done three years in Parkhurst.He's as honest as the day is long,
and you can trust him.Second, the getaway.
This will be done in three Mini Coopers.And they will be driven by Chris,
Tony and Dominic.Hello, chaps.-Hello.
-Hello.All right, all right, all right, all right.These chinless wonders
will get you out of Turinfaster than anyone else on four wheels.Remember that.When we get to the Alps,
we will transfer to a coach.The coach will be driven
by William here,better known as Big William,
for very obvious reasons.Now we come to the professor here.The professor is in charge of all matters
relating to the Turin computer.So l don't want anyone putting him down
because he's a man of reading.l know he's got some very funny habits,
but make him feel at home.He's very important to the operation.Finally, and very quickly, l would like
to introduce you to all the ladswho are going to do the job with me.Arthur, Frank, Rozzer, Coco, Yellow,Camp Freddie you all know.Roger, Dave and Lorna
will be in reserve with three fast carsin case anything goes wrong.Right?Now, it's a very difficult joband the only way to get through it is,
we all work together as a team.And that means you do everything l say.Here's Charlie.Charlie.Putting the jib on.Well,
don't just stand there doing nothing.-Get on with something.
-l am, Charlie. l'm seeing...Well, get on with it, then.Rozzer?Rozzer's having trouble
with his differential there.-Tell him to hurry up.
-Hurry up.Dippers for the Continent.
Just changing the...-The other way round.
-Right.-Are they quartz-iodide?
-Yeah, that's right, governor.All right.We couldn't afford the gold yet,
so we're using lead, Charlie.Will it take the weight?-Take the weight.
-Yeah, all right, Charlie.-Will it take the weight?
-Yeah, yeah, it's all right, Charlie.Mind your face, Charles.-How you doing? All right?
-Okay, but l don't like the colour.lt's beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Carry on.Lorna!Does he really need all this equipment?He says he does.No.You're meant to use your brakes, Chris.Terribly sorry, Charles.-How many cars have we got left, Bill?
-A couple, Charlie.Send the next one up.
Let's hope he gets it right.What do you mean they're written off?A series of accidents, Mr Bridger.
l promise there'll be no more.Five, four, three,two, one, go.You're only supposed
to blow the bloody doors off.How's your new house, Fred?Very nice, Mr Bridger, thank you.
Very nice.My pleasure.<i>Beckerman's done his homework
very well.</i><i>The getaway is possible, but not easy.</i><i>For a start, the attack has to be made
in this square</i><i>and it must be completed
inside of three minutes.</i><i>Apart from knocking over
a few old dears with their carrycots,</i><i>l think we can manage it.</i>Now, you all understand
what you've got to do.Okay? Now, Bill.Yeah, the transporters will move in here
and here,-and they'll block off the main drag.
-Right. Roger.Arthur and Lorna park
the three fast cars herein case anything goes wrong and
we gotta make a quick getaway, right?Correct. Now, it's 12:10.The bullion van
will be entering the piazzaand will be forced slowly
towards the centre.<i>It's the oId over-and-under routine.</i><i>First we go over the traffic
and through the museums</i><i>and then under again
and up into this church.</i><i>The difficulty is here.</i><i>lf the police can get a car
onto that bridge</i><i>before we've got across it,
we're done for,</i><i>but it's a gamble we've got to take.</i>Now, the bullion wagon is here.
Right? Dominic.We get into the Minis behind the piazza.Right. Arthur.We drive the Land Rover
into the square.-Piazza, Arthur. Piazza.
-Sorry, Charlie. Piazza.-Now, the Land Rover is in the piazza.
-And we come in right behind target.That's it. Wallop.<i>But since the bridge
will be blocked by traffic,</i><i>the only possible way out
is across the weir,</i><i>which runs along
by the side of the bridge.</i><i>l've only one comment to make
about that, Mr Bridger.</i><i>Good Iuck.</i>Keats,
l think we'd better arrange a funeral.-All ready to go, Croker?
-Yes, Mr Bridger.The plans have been worked out
to the last detail?Yes, Mr Bridger.-Everything taken care of?
-Yes, Mr Bridger.Well, Croker,
you've overlooked one thing.The Mafia. They'll be waiting for you.ln every shot of Camp Freddie's film
there's a Mafia man.lf they were on to Beckerman,
they'll be on to us.You're not thinking of calling it off?As long as you know
what you're taking on, Croker.-Yes, the Mafia.
-Yes, the Mafia.Croker, you are about to take
a half a ton of gold,in broad daylight,
from under their noses.They won't take kindly to that.
That's why they killed Beckerman.-lt's a question of prestige, is it?
-Yes, Croker, it's a question of prestige.lf you go through with this,
you've got to win.lf you muck it up,
don't ever think of coming back here,except in your coffin.We're ready now to start the service.Who's that lot over there?The drivers.They're the lot
that smashed up my cars.Practise makes perfect, Mr Bridger.You pick them, don't you?-Mr Bridger will now say a few words.
-What?Your speech, sir.We have come here to pay our respects
to Great Aunt Nellie.She brought us up properly
and taught us loyalty.l want you to remember that
during these next few days.l also want you to rememberthat if you don't come back
with the goods,Nellie here will turn in her graveand, likely as not,jump right out of it
and kick your teeth in.Dave, take the valley road to Turin,
okay?Go.You three take the Minis
along the B roadand keep the speed down, okay?Right, there you go.
Go on, away you go.Freddie, stay with the bus.Big William,
take the bus along the main road.Go. Go.You lot, stay with me.
We're going out the mountain route.Where's Peach?Hey, what do you think this is?
A Sunday school outing?Pity people aren't as lovely as flowers,
isn't it?Take your flowers and get in the car.
Come on.Hurry up.-Mr Croker?
-That's right.Six weeks ago, a friend of yours
met with an accident on this very road.-So?
-Do you mind if l show you how?No.-You just lost him his insurance bonus.
-lt cost Beckerman his life.Listen, the gold arrives tomorrow,and you think you can pick it up like a
bunch of groceries in the supermarket?Just how are you going to do it?Excuse me.Does Mr Bridger think he can
take over Europe from a prison cell?Your car?Yeah.Pretty car.Paid for?Very funny.Hey!You'll be making a grave error
if you kill us.There are a quarter of a million ltalians
in Britain,and they'll be made to suffer.Every restaurant, café,
ice-cream parlour,gambling den and nightclubin London, Liverpool and Glasgow,
will be smashed.Mr Bridger will drive them into the sea.Well, gentlemen,
it's a long walk back to England,and it's that way.Good morning.May l salute our American cousins,Signor Francesco Cosca
and his lovely wife?And may l raise my glassto SignorAltabani
and his most beautiful wifeto thank him for his hospitality?And to congratulate him on the way he
handled the English mob this morning.l would not be too sure
about the English, cousin.They wouldn't dare.They are not so stupid as they look.Candles. Quickly.Gentlemen,
we must assume they are here.<i>All passengers proceed
to gate number five for departure.</i><i>Thank you.</i>-Got your passport?
-l don't know. l think so.Well, you need your passport
directly after the tickets. Understand?Now, as you walk out to the plane,
look neither to the right nor to the left.Just look straight ahead, okay?
Just keep going straight ahead.Geneva, please.You all right? You got it?
Neither to the right nor to the left.-Left, straight ahead.
-Look straight ahead and keep going.Charlie, listen.
The plan was that we stay here.The plan's changed.-But why, Charlie, why?
-Because you're a liability.Lorna, you see that lot out there?lf we slip up, they'll tear us apart.And l don't want you involved any more.-Charlie?
-What?You care?Get on the plane. l'll see you in Geneva,and have a cup of tea ready.Bye-bye, Charlie.Get on the plane. Get on the plane.l love you, Charlie.-Hello, Charlie.
-Hello, lads.-Hello, Charles.
-Hello, Chris.-Before we leave, Bill?
-Yes, Charles?l want every one of those tins burned.l don't want any fingerprints
on anything in the house.-We're all wearing our gloves, Charlie.
-Yeah, but you can't be too careful.-ls there a toilet here?
-lf you can call it that. lt's out the back.Yeah, well,
wash the handle and the seat.l don't want any prints on that, either.Right, here is the crunch.Do you all know how to get there?Actually, we can all read maps, Charles.The map will be in your head, Chris.
l'm burning this one. Any questions?Now we've lost the two Jags
and the Aston,what happens if anything
does go wrong?Put your gloves on.Anything else?-Shall we synchronise our watches?
-Nuts to your watches.You just be there by quarter to and
don't get stuck in the traffic jam neither.Anything else?Right, away you go.One more thing. Just remember this,in this country
they drive on the wrong side of the road.-Bill?
-Yes, Charlie?-Bill?
-Yes, Charlie?-Burn this for me, will you?
-Yes, Charlie.-Bill?
-Yes, Charlie?-Get rid of this lot.
-Yes, Charlie.They're in a trattoria in the city.They know where to put these, do they?Yes, you can see the cameras
on the rooftops.-l can't argue...
-l am going in the front.You are going in the back.He says he wants to sit up in front
with the driver.l always get sick in the back.Listen, if l go in the back l'll get
me migraine, l'll be out like a light.You... You are not gonna be sick.
You're not gonna have your migraine,and everybody is gonna sit
in the back of the motor.Charlie, me in the back of the motor,
with my asthma?One more word out of you, Arthur...
All right?All right. Right.
Now, everybody, all your gear in here.Come on, get your gear out.Pens, wallets, passports,
photographs of your girlfriend.l want those cards, as well.
Put them in here.But l'm going to need these cards,
Charlie.What do you mean you're gonna
need the... Put them in here!l want mascots, money, bottle openers.-...in London l was...
-Arthur!...and the game was up.
All l had to do, all the time...What?-l'm getting in a contact, Charlie.
-Let's hear it. Turn it up.l'll turn it up.-How about that?
-How about what?-How about what?
-They've finished loading the gold.Right, get dressed.Right, away you go.Away you go.<i>Molto bene, Dad.</i>Okay, let's go.Can you direct me
to Corso Garibaldi Street?Bloody foreigners.Excuse me.Blimey. Bloody Grand Prix.-What the devil is happening?
-lt's another traffic jam.-lt gets worse every time.
-We've lost the convoy.Any minute now.lt's like the Black Hole of Calcutta
in here.Shut it, Arthur.-What are they gabbling about, Franco?
-Complaining about the traffic jam.Yeah? They'll have something else
to complain about in a minute.-Keep calm.
-Get off my feet, will you?All right! All right! All right!Get yourselves sorted out and shut up!No one talks any more, except me.Now! Now! Now! Now! Get in front of it!Right, put your helmets on.Hold tight.Now. Go. Go round. Get in front of it!Put that bloody water cannon out.Okay, Bill.ln you come. ln you come.Back! Back! Back!Hey! Unload! Unload! Unload!Where do you think you're going?
Don't just stand there!Get on with it! Get on with it!Get in the car. Just get back up there.
Get back up there.lf anybody comes through there,
hit them.Get up there. Right.Okay, Charlie, that's it.Right. You, you, you in the Dormobile.Get in the car.Get in the Dormobile.Charlie, get your finger out, will you?Come on, let's go. Get a move on, then!Well, look happy, you stupid bastards.We won, didn't we?They went thataway.l could eat a horse.Good luck.Try putting your foot down, Tony.
They're really getting rather close.Look out, look out, look out, look out.lt's Charlie. lt's Charlie. lt's Charlie.Now, as you go around,
look for that bloody exit.We can't go round here all night.-Manzo?
-Yes, sir.Check the railway station, all trains.Check all names of passengerswho boarded aeroplanes
at Linate or Malpensa.This was a big operation.Those who were engaged in the earlier
part will already have left the town,-probably by air.
-Yes, sir.-Check the autostradas.
-But the police will be doing this.We know who they are, the police don't.
Also, have my plane made ready.-Yes, sir.
-They can't get out.Nothing can move in this mess.lf they planned this jam,
they must have planned a way out.l think you might make an effort
to keep up with the others, Tony.All right. All right.Here, make a wish.Look out. They're behind us.You better put your foot down,
we'll lose them easy.Hurry up, Dominic.Let's go.Have you heard the news, sir?
They've done it, Mr Bridger.All the men are yelling for you, sir.
They've done it.-Done what, Keats?
-The job, sir.-England!
-England!-England!
-England!-England!
-England!-England!
-England!Get the wheels in line.
Get the wheels in line with it,and then slam your brakes,
or we'll be in the cabin.You should've used more speed
on the up, accelerate and...-Bridger!
-Bridger!-Bridger!
-Bridger!That's it. Go on now.-Bridger!
-Bridger!-Bridger!
-Bridger!Okay, hang on.-Be very careful.
-Okay.-Bridger!
-Bridger!Right, everybody out.
Start unloading the gold.-Bridger!
-Bridger!-Bridger!
-Bridger!-Bridger!
-Bridger!Charlie boy?Now!Ready, Charlie?Now!Ready?Now!Okay, out. Out you come.
Out you come.Leave the beer. Leave the beer. Get in.Come on.Okay, William, go!Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still.Nobody move.We're balancing right on the edge.Very slowly, move this way.Very slowly.
Don't make a sharp movement.Come as far up this end as you can get.Watch it. Watch it. Watch it, Bill.The gold is pulling it over the edge.
We'll have to get it back.Get back! Get back!Now hold still. Don't move.
Don't move at all.Don't no one get out the door, neither.
Otherwise we'll all go.Edge back as far as you can goto counterbalance me. Now...Hang on a minute, lads.
l've got a great idea.