[[E[En[Enc[Enco[Encod[Encode[Encode,[Encode,[Encode, S[Encode, Sy[Encode, Syn[Encode, Sync[Encode, Sync[Encode, Sync o[Encode, Sync or[Encode, Sync or[Encode, Sync or S[Encode, Sync or Su[Encode, Sync or Sub[Encode, Sync or Sub[Encode, Sync or Sub b[Encode, Sync or Sub by[Encode, Sync or Sub by[Encode, Sync or Sub by A[Encode, Sync or Sub by Ar[Encode, Sync or Sub by Are[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreL[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLi[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLif[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift -[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift -[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - S[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - Sh[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - Sha[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - Shar[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - Share[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - Shared[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedM[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMo[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMov[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovi[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovie[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieL[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieLi[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieLin[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieLink[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieLink][Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift - SharedMovieLink]Cut his ass.Let's go!Heads up! That's it, that's it!That's it!- Hey, coach, how you been?
- Lynn Swann.Now why ain't I surprised
to see you snoopin' aroundmy football field first day of practice?You got a good-lookin' football team.Maybe good enough to add another trophy
to the old case downstairs.Kinda like my old man
told me one time, Lynn."The only thing better than a crawfish
dinner is five crawfish dinners."Hey, here comes the shithead.It's clean.It's cold.Now that's what I call
high-quality H20.Right in the head!It's over there!Any unused magic in that legendary
green playbook of yours, Red?I may have a couple
squirreled away in there for......a rainy day.See what we got here.Not exactly what I'd call
constructive criticism.Smell like you could use
a shower, stinky.Listen, you could think what
you want about my personal hygiene,but, please, don't waste any water.That's bad policy. If you need
to amuse yourself at my expense,just rough me up or something.Fair enough.Hey, waterboy!Seriously, I could injure myself.Laski, get over here!Yes, sir, coach.What is that moron doin' here?Didn't I tell you as plain as I could
speak to get rid of his ass last year?I didn't think you were serious.
Besides, he does a greatjob.Disrupting my football team, you idiot!Eighteen years of this is enough!Hey, waterboy!- Yes, Mr. Coach Beaulieu.
- You're fired!OK.Get out of the way, you moron!Bobby Boucher,
come give your mama a kiss.Hi, Steve.Why you home so early,
my precious angel?Mama, somethin' bad happened today.Somebody hurt you, my boy? Who hurt
you? You tell Mama who hurt you.Nobody, Mama. It's just thatI lost my position as the team's
water distribution engineer.Why, that's the best news
I heard in a dog's age.Now you be able to spend your days
at home where you belong.Yes, but... I was...I was thinkin',
Mama, maybe I could...I could try to get another
waterboy job for a different team.Don't raise your voice to me,
Bobby Boucher.I wasn't raising my voice, Mama.I don't like confrontation
'cause I'm a Virgo.Who told you you was a Virgo?Vicki Vallencourt, that... that girl.A girl? Bobby Boucher!Don't you remember what your mama
told you about girls?I remember, Mama.There was someone else
at Lawson's Creek this morning.- Really?
- We looked for crawfish together.- Her name's Vicki.
- I don't ever want you associatin'- with little girls.
- Why not, Mama?Because little girls are the devil!Mama, it's just that I'm a waterboy.The team gets thirsty,
and I bring them the water.They need water. I likes
to be the one that brings it.They like to give you a boot
in the patoot for your trouble.Bobby, you don't have what they call
"the social skills."People don't understand you.That's why you never have any friends,
except for your mama.All I know is this, Jimmy:
Next Friday, August 29th,Baton Rouge Exposition Center,I'm gonna open a can
of whoop-ass on Herculon.I'm gonna drive him back into  whatever
galaxy he came from. That's a promise!Strong  words from a strong man,
Captain Insano.Now let's take a call. It's our
old friend from Jackson's Bayou, Mr. B.Hello, Jim. Is it possible
to speak to Captain Insano?- Shoot, Mr. B.
- Captain Insano,I notice sometimes
when you are wrestlingor openin' up a can ofwhoop-ass,
as you like to say,- you seem to be sweating profusely.
- Yeah?I was wondering if, perhaps,
you might need the servicesof an experienced waterboy.That's pretty cute.
How old are you, kid? Eleven, 12?I am 31 years old.I guarantee that guy's still a virgin.This is where
they strip the ball from us.And then we miss one tackle.Two tackles.
Joey drops the ball.He has time to pick it up and dust it
off and run in for a touchdownbefore our guys even know
what's goin' on.- Hello?
- My name is Bobby Boucher.I am inquiring as to whether you have
the need for an experienced waterboyon your upcoming season.Nice suit.Thank you. It was my daddy's.- Hold that thought.
- Yeah.Come on. Come here.
Come here. Come on.Come on, everybody. All right,
this is it. This is the play.This is the play.
This is the play. OK?The quarterback. Receivers
lined up to the left, one to the right.There's a flanker lined up to the left
behind the quarterback.He gives the ball...
No, he doesn't.The receiver goes
over to the left.Once the quarterback has the ball,he fakes to the left. No.He fakes to the right.
He doesn't fake.He thinks about faking.
He pretends to fake.I don't know where I am.I can't breathe.This room is getting smaller.
I have to sit down.Hang on here.
Take some water.All right, there.This is good. This is much better
than what I serve.That is the water that
you serve to your players?It is imperative that you allow me
to be your waterboy.I can't hire you.
I can't hire anybody. We're the...You do not have to pay me.
I will do it for free.Promise me that you will never
distribute the contents of thatjug- to any human person.
- That's a deal.It's a deal?Thank you so much, Coach Klein.
I will not let you down.- Good day.
- Good day.I'll see you at practice.Quit hoggin' that. Pass it over.OK.Just have the defense run sprints.Yo! Water's better cold.Yes, I agree. But to guarantee
that the H20 is purified,it's good to use
the heating source, Sterno.It's like my mama always says,
"Better safe than sorry."My mama says that too.
Aren't all mamas the same?- Yes.
- Derek.- I kick the field goals around here.
- Will you listen up?I need your cooperation.
I need it now.- Is he gonna be all right?
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.He has his good days and his bad days.Used to be assistant coach
at some big school,but he had a mental breakdown
or something. Don't worry.He'll snap out of it. Let me know
when it cools down, baby.- Yes.
- All right.Hey, did you all get a load
of the new waterboy?Let's make him feel right at home.
Jerry, go right.Casey, go left. Way left.- On one. Ready?
- Break!Set!Red 22!Red, 22!Hut!I think you zigged
when you should've zagged on that play.- Sorry.
- Hey, waterboy, check this out.Hey, waterboy!
Check this out.Well, my, my, my.
Was my little aquatic engineerabout to bash one
of my football players?Well, he spit in the cooler.He happens to be
a finely tuned athletic machine.And I ain't gonna have him hit
in the head by some idiot waterboy.Do you understand me?- Are you all right?
- I wasn't gonna do nothin'.You better do something.
You gotta defend yourself.But they're finely-tuned
athletic machines.I am not telling you
to go on a shooting rampage.But you have to stand up for yourself
or they'll ride you all season long.Believe me, I've seen it myself.Hey, moron!Look at me. I'm the waterboy.I got a wooden spoon.Smell like you could use
a shower, stinky.You're fired![Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift]Stop makin' fun of me.Red, ready! Hut!- Wow!
- Damn!I'm sorry.Who that? Who there?So that's what openin' up
a can ofwhoop-ass feels like.Son, you just opened
a whole case ofwhoop-ass.I would be honored if you
play football for this team.- Me? Play football?
- Yes.Thanks, but no thanks. My mama
won't let me play no football.We're gonna go home.
You and l, we're gonna talk to Mama.Mama said... Mama said...
Mama said... Mama said...- My mama said...
- She's gonna say yes.That snake looks delicious.What part do you think
I'm about to eat?Basically, a snake don't have parts.But, if I had to call it anything,I would say it's his knee.Great. His knee.And what are we having for dessert?Squirrel.Excellent.Let's talk about Bobby
playing football.I don't like it, Mr. Coach Klein.
I don't like it one bit.My boy is too delicate
to be playin' foosball,or whatever, with them gargantuans.I don't think you understand...No, you don't understand me,
Mr. Coach Klein.My boy is all I got left.Mama, here.It's the brain pain, coach.You see, my husband Robert,one day back in 1966,
pick up sticks,and me four months pregnant
with this precious angel,he decides he wants
to help foreign peoples.He's gonna go join the Peace Corps.
He promise me everything's gonna be OK.Just like you promisin' me now.But everything wasn't OK. No.He got lost in the middle
of the Sahara Desert.And he died. He died!Couldn't get no water.
He died of the dehydration.- And we were left all alone.
- I would've gotten my daddy water,but I was just a baby
inside Mama's stomach.Now you wanna take away
the only part of Robert I have left.But don't you want the only part you've
got left to get a college education?- Nah.
- Me, a college student?Yes. Bobby, think about it.
A whole new world will open to you.Boy, Mama, that sounds nice.
Me, a college man.Coach, my Bobby's a sweet boy,but he ain't what you'd call
college material.So don't fill his head
with all those crazy dreamsof school and college
and things of that sort.But Mama, I'm tired of everybody
callin' me a dummy.I'm tired of not havin' any friends.My ass is tired ofjawin' all night.
I'm goin' to bed.Nice to meet you, Mr. Coach.
Good luck with your foosball.Bobby, after you let Mr. Coach out,
you come into my bedroom.Mama'll brush your hair.When I was your age, my mother told me
not to get a tattoo of Roy Orbison.But what Mama don't know won't hurt her.I trust you'll make the right decision.Damn, I don't want that ass on the team.Everybody's gonna laugh at us.Everybody's already laughin' at us.
We ain't won a game since 1994.- Hey! What's up, baby?
- Hey.Where's your helmet?Derek, they don't got no more helmets.Here. You can share mine.Try it on, man. See if it fits.- All right.
- Thanks, friend.What a dink.Come on! Huddle up!We have an announcement to make.
Our former waterboy, Bobby Boucher,is gonna play some linebacker for us."I'm a football player."- Coach, I'd like to tackle him now.
- Not yet.All right. I wanna work with offense.
I wanna work with defense.- Go with Farmer Fran, do some laps.
- Shit.Line up on the ball.- All right? Third and ten.
- Third and ten?Yeah, that's
the offense's last opportunityto gain ten yards
before they have to punt.- Gee, he's gonna run the option.
- Option?He ain't never gonna be able
to figure this out.Yes, he is.Now, Bobby,
you've waterboyed for 18 years.Didn't you occasionally watch the game?I had a lot to keep me busy.Checking the pH levels,
refillin' the cups.All right. Let's just keep it simple.Casey. I want you to tackle Casey
like you did Gee yesterday.- Right now?
- Right now! Go!- Does he know about this?
- Doesn't matter. You're a warrior.Go.What you doin'?All right. Bobby, Bobby.Don't be afraid to use
all of your strength.He's resilient. He's a resilient guy.
OK? Come on.Hey, Casey,
I think he wanna make out with you.OK, that's enough. Thank you.Is there any sport that you do watch?
You know, a physical sport?- Boxing? Hockey?
- Wrestling.Wrestling! Wrestling is good.
Who's your favorite wrestler?Even though he was slightly
discourteous to me recently,I'm gonna have to say Captain Insano.OK, I want you to do to Caseywhat Captain Insano does
to the bad guy. Go.- He poked me in the eye.
- Captain Insano shows no mercy.Bobby, where was the intensity
that I saw yesterday?No intensity. You said
it was all right to fight back,and I just started thinkin'
about all the peoplewho'd been mean to me over the years.That's it. That's it.I want you to think about
all those mean people.- They're gonna be your tackling fuel.
- Tacklin' fuel.- We're gonna use them to play football.
- Tacklin' fuel.I want you to pretend that Casey
is insulting you.- Pretend?
- I want you to visualizepeople that have been mean to you
and then attack.I want you to visualize and then attack.
Can you handle that?- I'll try.
- He's gonna try.What's the matter with you, boy?
You too stupidto do what your coach tells ya?- No!
- No what?I didn't mean to hurt you.
Coach told me to pretend.Bobby. Bobby!Can you do this for me
every single game? Can you do this?Coach, not only
will I do it for you, I...Yes, I'll do it for ya.So why you pick this class anyway?
It's pretty hard.Beautiful view.- Correct.
- All right, all right!Y'all shut up now!Now, last week, we talked aboutthe physiology of the animal brain
as it pertains to aggression.Now is there anyone here
that can tell me whymost alligators
are abnormally aggressive?- I know the answer to this question.
- Raise your hand.Anybody? Anyone?Yes, sir. You, sir.Mama says that alligators are ornery'cause they got all them teeth
but no toothbrush.Your mama said alligators are ornery'cause they got all them teeth
and no toothbrush.Wow! Anybody else?
Yes, sir. You, sir.Alligators are aggressive because
of an enlarged medulla oblongata.- It controls aggressive behavior.
- That is correct!- The medulla oblongata.
- But Mama said...The medulla oblongata......is where anger, jealousy
and aggression come from.Now is there anybody herecan tell me where happiness comes from?- No, man.
- Anyone?All right, let's hear what
Mama has to say on the subject.Mama say that happiness
is from magic rays of sunshinethat come down when you feelin' blue.Well, folks, Mama's wrong again.No, Colonel Sanders, you're wrong.
Mama's right.You're all wrong.
Mama's right. Mama's right!Somethin' wrong
with his medulla oblongata.It's OK to fight back.
Coach Klein said I could.Mr. Coach Klein said I could.
It's fine, fellas.Well, Mud Dog fans,
it's time to kick offanother year of Mud Dog football.
With the weight of a 40-gamelosing streak on their back,
everyone seems to be diggin' infor the long haul.- What you doin', Bobby?
- Oh, Lord, that's someheavy-duty armpit saturation. An
early warning sign of the dehydration.- You gots to have H20.
- Stop worryin' about waterand start worryin'
about the game today. Here.Nowjust do whatever you did
to Colonel Sanders, and you'll be fine.I will, thank you. I just...
I feel bad about lyin' to my mama.I wonder what she's doin' right now.And he's down
with a three-yard kickoff return.- The Mud Dogs offense takes the field.
- OK, you can do it.Gain some yards.
Put points on the board.Hey, Walter,
I'll bet you 50 bucksGee Grenouille throws a touchdown pass
on the first play. Check it out.Set, blue 22, hut![Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift]You owe me 50 bucks!You said it was gonna be
a touchdown pass, you crazy asshole.Go, go, go, go! Hold 'em, hold 'em!
You can do it. Come on.Bobby, this is
just like we practiced, OK?OK, go, go, go. Come on.Watch where you're going, needle dick.Set!Time for the retard to find out
what college football's all about.390!Check, check!- Red, 18!
- Red, 18!Needle dick! Needle dick!
Needle dick!- Yeah!
- Your name is needle dick.I knew that this was a good idea.Yes!- Timeout from the game.
- What's he calling timeout for?- What are you doin'?
- Here, this is for you. Enjoy.- Hey,  waterboy, you're fired!
- Stop it!Yes! Bobby!- Yeah, man! Yeah!
- Yeah, yeah!- Slap hands!
- Whatever.Waterboy's killin' 'em.He's the best tackler
I've seen since Joe Montana.Joe Montana was a quarterback,
you idiot.I said Joe Mantegna.We're tied at seven with 30 seconds
to go in the fourth quarter.Eagle cover two. Ready?Best of luck to you
on the upcoming play.I'll be playin'
with your mama tonight.- Sixty-two.
- Blue 22, hut!Bernard drops back.
Looks like a screen pass.Sixty-two! Sixty-two!
There you are!Thank you.Number 62 is headed for the end zone.He's at the 40, 30.
He's almost...Touchdown! Reds lead.Dropkicked him.
Boucher knocked him out cold.I love my mama very much.
Now you know that.The waterboy handed them the game.
What an idiot.Waterboy, you stink!Nice job, shithead.
You just lost us the game.I'm sorry. Would you please
still be my friend?- No! Get away from me.
- OK.Excuse me? May I help you?- Hey, stud.
- Vicki Vallencourt, this is...- This is quite a pleasant surprise.
- Yeah, I just got out ofjail- and I heard you were playin' football.
- Yes, well, I've...Yes.So what say we go and get
somethin' to eat, catch up on things.Mama's not a big fan of restaurantsor of me going to one.But if you'd like, sometimes,Mama, she... she got...
on a Sunday afternoon...There's a grill
with the charcoal biscuits.- You want me to come to a barbecue?
- That's it.Sounds great.And by the way, I hope you like
what I did to your lawn mower.You know that old hag that does
astrology on Good Morning America,she ought to pack it in.
Listen what she said for Sagittarius:"You're gonna be faced
with a difficult decision today."But the thing is, we're all faced
with difficult decisions every day.- Like sayin' you're gonna eat today.
- Maybe by leaving her predictionsvague and generalized,there's less of a chance of someone
findin' out she's a phony.- Whatever, college boy.
- Don't say college boy.- Here comes Mama.
- OK.That looks nice, Mama.- Here you go, Vicki Vallencourt.
- Thank you.Mama, Vicki's an astrologist.I don't believe in that
sort of thing, personally.Astronomy is one
of the many tools of the devil.You sure played great yesterday, Bobby.What did my boy play great?Waterboy. Yeah, waterboy.
He played... He played waterboy great.Everybody who was thirsty
got a drink right away,yesterday at the...
at the football game.Foosball! Bunch of overgrown monsters
manhandling each other.Remember when that man
wanted you to play?Yeah, I... He... Roy Orbison...Coach Klein. I remember.So, Bobby, did they ever catch
that gorilla what escaped from the zoo- and punched you in the eye?
- No, Mama, he...The search continues.What would you think if Bobby
did play football, Mrs. Boucher?Well, I wouldn't
think much of it at all.And to tell you the truth,
I don't think much of youand all your snotty questions,
Miss Vallencourt.I'm disturbed to see
that you're so interested in my boy.I'm very, very interested
in your boy, Mrs. Boucher.Really? Well, did he tell you
about how much his feet smell?- Mama.
- He has to wear two pair of socks.Well, men are supposed
to have stinky feet.Are men supposed to wear pajamas
featuring a cartoon character- by the name of Deputy Dawg?
- Mama, please.Well, you know what?
I happen to find Deputy Dawgto be very, very sexy.Did he tell you about
his little bedtime problem?- Mama, I'm beggin' you, don't.
- That's his sheet back there.If you'll excuse me, ladies,
I'm gonna go hang myself.- Now you see what you done?
- What I did?You listen here, cupcake.
The only woman in my boy's life is me.Nobody's gonna take him away, especially
not some godless Jezebel like you.Oh, yeah? Well, your Bobby
is a grown man. And guess what?- He can hang out with whoever he wants!
- He can. Whoever he wants.'Cept you! Bobby,
that woman is the devil.- I want you to stay away from her.
- Yes, Mama.You come on inside before that
little ol' witch casts a spell on us!I'm sorry, Vicki Vallencourt.Whatever.When  we report on the SCLSU
Mud Dogs here on SportsCenter,it's to add a number
to their losing streak,which now stands at 41 . But now, Bobby
Boucher has given us another reason.In the Mud Dog's latest loss
this past Saturday,the amazing 31-year-old freshman
set a new NCAA recordby sacking the quarterback 16 times,
shattering the old record of seven.And, oh, by the  way, Bobby Boucher
is also the team's  waterboy,which, of course, begs the question:What exactly are they putting in the
water in Jackson's Bayou, Louisiana?We're deadlocked at three
with less than a minute to go.We are one family with one dream.There are 40 of you on this team, not
one. Bobby can't do this by himself.Get out and make something happen!
Sacrifice your bodies. Go, go, go!Thank you. Bobby, you're gonna
have to do this by yourselfbecause nobody
on this team is any good.Look, I can't stand losing anymore.
We've got to win one game.Go out there and make something
happen. Visualize and attack.- Visualize and attack. Please! Please!
- Yes, yes, yes, yes.Central Kentucky's down
to their third string quarterback.Good ne ws, folks. Quarterback Tommy
Gardner does not have a broken neck.Blue 52! Blue 52! Hut!I forbid you to talk to
that enchantress. She's the devil!She's not the devil. She's the most
beautiful woman in the world.- I never said she was the devil.
- Most beautiful woman in the world!Please, don't hurt me!Follow the... Come on!You crazy man! OK, OK, OK!It's a safety!
They win, they win, they win!With the help of Boucher,
the losing streak is over!I'm so sorry, Mama.
Please forgive me.I love you so much, Mama.
I love you.- I love you too.
- We won! We won, baby!It's gonna be a big party
and you going!- Me? Party?
- Yeah, baby!Bobby! Bobby! Bobby!Hey. Nice suit.Thank you. It was my daddy's.Mama don't know I'm here,
but I took these outta the icebox:- Louisiana frog cakes.
- Thanks.- Come on in.
- Hey, Bobby Boucher!Look who's here, Sergeant Stutter.Want a beer?I'll take a Scotch and water.
Hold the Scotch.- You just make a joke, Bobby?
- Yes, I did.Good one.Now that you finally won a game, right,
you feel looser, the pressure is off.And that will lead
to a lot more victories.Yeah, that and the waterboy
getting 20 sacks a game.That too.Professor!Havin' that test on amphibians
and reptiles Friday?Yes, sir.That is, if it's all right with you.- Of course it is.
- My best regards to your dear mama.Let's talk to the waterboy.You played amazing
at the game today.And you are so cute.
Is there a girl you're seein'?Seein'?I see a lot of girls.I see a lot of guys too.I think that's sexy.Ever been with a guy and a girl
at the same time?Oh, yeah, plenty of times.
The other night,I was with my mama
and Coach Klein at the same time.You are a bad boy.
I wish you were my boyfriend.Oh, thank you, but, see,
there's this girl, Vicki Vallencourt.She may be the devil.
Mama said that. Consequently,I am prohibited from contact with her.But I hope to get past that one day
'cause she's nice to talk to.Yo, we have a very special
guest here today.Let's have a warm L.T. welcome
for Bobby Boucher. Come on, Bobby.- Thank you, Mr. Lawrence Taylor.
- Tell me, what is your secret?How do you find yourself
in the right position?That's a good question.What happens is
the center has the ball first.And the quarterback will say, "Hike."That's when the center puts the ball
in the hands of the quarterback.So, what I do is
I start tacklin' the quarterback,unless he give the ball
to somebody else, in which case,I try to tackle that person.Gentleman, which brings me
to my next point: don't smoke crack.Vicki Vallencourt.What you doin' here?Oh, nothin'.I was just thinkin' about stealin'
L.T.'s Porsche over there.But I suppose I ought to be
movin' onbefore I get you in trouble
with your mama.Well, Mr. Coach Klein said that
what Mama don't know won't hurt her.So maybe we could ride home together.- Really?
- If you'd like to.OK.Come sit down, if you'd like.Vicki Vallencourt, I figured,'cause you're interested in astrology
and mystical stuff like that,you might appreciate this.That's water from a glacier in Alaska.It was blessed
by an Eskimo medicine man.- It's cold!
- Yes, it's always cold.That's why it's so special.That was...
That... That happened...That happened to be
my first time with lipsand... and... and... the tongue.That was your tongue.
I... I believe it was.I never did that before.If that was your first kiss,then I bet it's the first time
you've seen a pair of these.Yes, yes, that is
another first for me,and I appreciate what...
what you're showin' me right now.Vicki Vallencourt, I think Mama's up.Devil, devil, devil.You better get goin'.My God, Bobby. I mean, sometimes,
I just don't know why I bother with you.You ain't even a man.It looks like the Cinderella
S.C.L.S.U. Mud Dogs,led by linebacker Bobby Boucher,
are gonna fall one victory shortof that Bourbon Bowl bid.
Iowa could win the game- by nailing this 20-yard field goal.
- But the Mud Dogs have playeda sensational football game. Look at the
way Boucher entered the Hawkeyes' drive.Here we see Boucher
instantly penetrating the pocket.There's a lot of pain
and shame in those eyes.Friends, it's all over.- My leg!
- Wow, that is a disturbing image.Difficult to watch, Chris.Mud Dogs!Gonna kick some names
and take some ass!Bobby!Water sucks. Gatorade is better.- What?
- Use it on the field.Waterboy, Waterboy, Waterboy!Gatorade not only quenches your thirst
better, it tastes better too, idiot.You're drinkin' the wrong water.- Gatorade.
- H20.- Gatorade!
- H20!Water sucks
It really, really sucksWater sucksStop saying that. You don't mean that.
You're bad people.[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift]And my friend, Chris, the Mud Dogs
are goin' to the Bourbon Bowl.With yesterday's come-from-behind
victory, the Mud Dogsearned a Ne w Year's Day date
with Red Beaulieu and the Cougarsin the first Bourbon Bowl.
But not only has the  waterboychanged S.C.L.S.U.'s fortunes,
he's got other teams lookingaround the sidelines for talent.
In fact, Michigan, devastated by injury,experimented  with their towel boy
at wide receiver.But the towel boy ran into
a laundry list of problems.You know, when I see
so many of you here tonight,it reminds me just about how special
this season really was.Notjust for the team.
Notjust for the students.But for each and every one of youin our small corner of Louisiana!You can do it!Oh, yes, we can,
and, yes, we will.Because we've got a young manwho has been so vital to our success.A wonderful student-athlete.And a wonderful friend.Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby Boucher!- Waterboy, number one!
- You can do it!Thank you so much
for bein' my friends.You can do it!I'd also like to take
this opportunityto tell you that my mama
don't know how I play football.So if you could not tell
my mama I play football,that would be for the best.We must be a little lost.
We're tryin' to get to the Bourbon Bowl.Looks like we ended up
in Retardville, USA.Hey, waterboy,
you fixin' to tackle all of us?- Kick his water-lovin' ass, Greg.
- I asked you a question, dumbass.You even exhale,
and I will saw your head off.You can do it!
Cut his fucking head off!Hold it, hold it. Just a minute.
Now what is the problem here, honey?I mean, whatever it is,
we don't want this to get physical.Right, Klein?Your team actin'
like a bunch of shitheads.Not how ambassadors for the University
of Louisiana are supposed to act.So now you just get back on the bus.However, assault with a deadly weapon,very, very serious offense.Officer, get her
little country ass outta here.- Thank you, Vicki.
- Let's go.It's the waterboy.I got something for you.This is his transcript
from South Lafayette High Schoolin Cherokee Plains, Louisiana.Now the problem with thatis there ain't no South Lafayette High
School in Cherokee Plains, Louisiana.So obviously, this is a fake!However, this is not a fake.This is from the NCAA.They don't think you ought
to play football.So allow me to say this
to you one more time:You're fired.Oh, no! We suck again!Ever see a championship ring?Don't be messin' with the champ.
Come on, Laski.- You didn't go to high school?
- I was home-schooled.- I didn't know I needed...
- Forged a fake transcript.- No, I didn't.
- The waterboy's a cheater!Cut his head off!Listen, everybody!
This don't change nothin'!We played as a team, we won as a team.Just because the waterboy's a cheaterdon't change the fact
that the real Mud Dogsare gonna kick some Cougar ass.Mud Dogs! Mud Dogs!Mud Dogs! Mud Dogs!
Mud Dogs! Mud Dogs!Let's do it!Sorry, Bobby.Believe me, I understand.Yeah, and you're
deeply appreciated, Mr. Dodd.Thank you so much. Bye-bye.Good news. The NCAA is gonna
allow you to play in the Bourbon Bowl.- Yes.
- You have to pass- the high school equivalency test.
- It's not the test, coach.Everybody... hates me.That's not true.One man said he wanted
to decapitate me.Nobody else thought that
to be too bad of an idea.Somebody made me look like a cheater.I did it. I did it.
I did it! I did it! I did it!- It was me.
- Why?Because I wanted you to play.
Because you were my way out, Bobby.It was the only way to get you in.I am so sorry.Why didn't you stick up for me
down by the river?The truth is... I fled.I came into my office,
I went under my desk, I cried.I cried.
I cried like a ten-year-old girl!Red and I have a history.Twenty years ago,
we were assistants to Coach Cavanaughat the University of Louisiana.
Red ran the practicesand I used to come up with the plays.Oh, boy, was I good.I  would  write these foolproof plays
in my little green notebook that I had.The opposition
didn't even know what hit 'em.And  when Coach Cavanaugh
was going to retire, me and Red,we knew that one of us
was gonna be his successor.- Hey, Red.
- How ya doin'?- Come by to wish me luck?
- Well, not exactly, no, no.Actually, I come by to get you
to do ol' Red a little favor.- Sure. What's up?
- Well, you know that green notebookyou use to write all them
football plays in?Well, I need to show Cavanaugh that
I can come up with some good play ideas.But you didn't come up with them.They're my plays. I need them.Klein, I'm gonna have this book,
one way or another.You might as well let the thing
go, 'cause if you don't,it's gonna get awfully,
awfully physical here.And I don't think
you want that, do you?Of course, Red got the job.
Next day, fired me.Once he had my notebook,
he didn't need me.I didn't take it very well.No, Grandma, I didn't get it.I can't believe it myself.I know. I'm so numb.I just hate him,
I hate him, I hate him.That is a terrible story, coach.But why don't you just come up
with some new plays?- I tried. I can't.
- Yes.I guess I have a mental block
ever sinceRed took my playbook
and my manhood.I knew what he was gonna do!And I just didn't fight back.Well, you're gonna show him
that you're a man on Saturday.I'm gonna show everybody that
I'm not a dummy. I'm gonna go study.Mama, maybe you could stop
brushin' my hair so I can read.Read? You don't have to read.- What you readin' for?
- 'Cause I enjoys it, Mama.Don't look like to me you enjoys it,
sittin' there all grouchy.Mama, I gotta read this book
and six other books tonight,or else I can't play foot...- ...ball.
- Foosball?You playin' the foosball behind my back?The reason I'm doin' this
so I can go to school.School?! You goin' to school?!Sorry, Mama. I wanted to tell you.You off gallivantin' with your fancy
foosball friends at school,while I'm sittin' here all day
with nobody to keep me companyexcept Steve?The chickens
are comin' home to roost.You reap the fruit
of your selfish ways.You're gonna lose all your
fancy foosball gamesand you're gonna fail your big exam,
because school is...The devil?Everything is the devil to you, Mama!Well, I like school
and I like football!And I'm gonna keep doin' them both
because they make me feel good!And by the way, Mama,
alligators are ornerybecause of their medulla oblongata!And I like Vicki,
and she likes me back!And she showed me her boobies,
and I liked them too!The Louisiana High School
Equivalency Examinationconsists of 300
multiple choice questions.You have three hours.
Good luck to you, sir.Ben Franklin.Mama, when did Ben Franklin
invent electricity?That's nonsense!
I invented electricity.Ben Franklin is the devil!I can't believe you got a 97!I can't believe I told Mama
that I got feelings for you.Well, welcome to your manhood,
Bobby Boucher.When we get a little more time,
I'll welcome you properly.Yes, once again, I'm not quite sure
what that means, but...We should get goin'. I told Coach
I'd drive to the game with him.I was with you from two to four
last night. You tell them.Bobby, your mama got sick this mornin'.
She's in the hospital.Mama, what have I done?I'm so sorry, Mama.Doctors say they can't figure out
what's wrong with her.But I know what's wrong.She got a broken heart
because of me.Bobby, that's ridiculous.Everybody else in this town
turn on me at the drop of a hat.Mama is the only one who really cares
if I live or die.She my whole world.
Will you just leave us alone?She'll be fine, Bobby.
We better get going.God knows what the team is doing
with Farmer Fran watching.You really made it look like home.How's that, Steve?Take a look. The crowd has
never been bigger. Know  why?Look who's on the television, Mama.
The devil....500,000 intimate friends...Who that? Who there?Three, two, one!- Happy New Year!
- Happy New Year, Mama.My resolution is to
never hurt you again.Waterboy! Waterboy!Bobby Boucher, all these folks
are here tonightto tell you that they're sorry,that they're sorry for not supportin'
you when it meant the most.But you do have friends, and one of 'em
wants to say somethin'. Come on.I am not what you would call
a handsome man.The good Lord chose not
to bless mewith charm, athletic abilityor a fully functional brain.You see, you're an inspirationto all of us
who weren't born handsomeand charming and cool and...- I can't! I can't!
- It's OK.Bobby, if your mama could only hear us
right now, we would tell herwhat a fine boy she raised,and how much your playing football
means to this town.But she can't hear you
'cause she's unconscious.I'm sorry to disappoint you all,
but please keep your voices downso my mama can get her rest.Well, wake her ass up!
We gotta win tomorrow!Mama! Thank God you're OK.
I'm so sorry.I was so bad.
You were right about everything.- I've been a knucklehead.
- Hush, baby.You should've seen this
a long time ago.- Oh, my word! Is that my daddy?
- No, no.That's a guy I dated
before I met your father.You could iron a shirt
on his stomach.Well, that was lust, not love.
Turn the page.There's your daddy.So handsome.Read on."Dear Helen." Who's Helen?That's my first name, Bobby."I have arrived here in New Orleans.It is even more beautiful
than in the picture book.I'm sure I'll have
no problem finding work,so you can expect my next letter
to contain lots of money.Your loving husband, Robert."
That's nice, Mama."Dear Helen." That's you."I found a job as a lemonade vendor,but sorry, no money yet.New Orleans is an expensive city.Expensive, but fun.
Hope all is well. Robert.""To Whom It May Concern:This will be my last letter.We have grown apart
over these last six weeks.I now have two loves in my life:Big-city livin'
and a voodoo woman named Phyllis.Ciao, Roberto."He changed his name to Roberto.I guess he thought it was more exotic.But Mama says that...
I mean, you say that...Bobby, your daddy
didn't go into no Peace Corps.He deserted us, baby.No, no, Mama. You shouldn't be dredgin'
up painful memories in your condition.Hush. Your mama's
as healthy as an ox,and as dumb as one to boot.I was so scared you'd abandon me too.And I made you abandon
all those people who depend on ya.I hid you away from the world,
Bobby Boucher.But I can't hog you
to myself no more,because everyone's seen
how wonderful you are.Oh, Mama!Now...You go play foosball
with your friends.Welcome to ABC's coverage
of the Bourbon Bowl.Good afternoon. I'm Brent Musburger
with my colleague Dan Fouts.The big story here is a game
that's lost some of its lusterwithout its star player,
the waterboy, Bobby Boucher.Red's got a couple
of solid early rounders out there.I know, but I really wanted to scout
that waterboy. Reminds me of Greg Lloyd.- Zack Thomas.
- Whatever.Is she ready?Oh, yeah. She's more than ready.Come on, Bobby!
You'll miss the boat!Let's go, ladies.We are underway!
The opening kickoff is a beauty!Holdsworth is gonna bring it out
from nine yards deep.Come on.Yeah!They're showing no respect
for this team without Boucher.Good reason, Brent.
109 yards untouched.Touchdown, Cougars! They strike first.Time running down in the first quarter.
Cougars lead is 17-nothing.Set!Three, 33!Three, 33! Hut!That quarterback can't
get the ball off before he's hit.It's as if they're in
the offensive huddle with him.Are you gonna finish
that hot dog, Jimmy?Now I'm not.Mama, you think
we'll make it on time?Hang on! I'll show you what
A.J. Foyt taught me.The end of the half.
The Cougars are dominating.Let's hope the Mud Dogs
can make some adjustments.Well, they better, because they suck.Anybody got an idea?Hey.Remember the time Bobby tackled
the referee by mistake?Yeah, that was pretty funny.How about the time he tackled
the guy from Louisvilleand threw him into the stands?Y'all remember when he intercepted
the ball and his pants fell off?And then he ran
for the touchdown bare-assed.Remember when Bobby Boucher
showed up at halftimeand Mud Dogs won the Bourbon Bowl?[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift]Hey, sorry about givin' you
so much shit this year.You're the heart and soul
of this team, Bobby.The only one of us
who could've passed that test.Thank you all so much
for being my friends.Let's wait till later to hold hands
and kiss. We got a bowl game to win.- Yeah!
- Two, three!Mud Dogs!In a dramatic turn of events,
Bobby Boucherjust arrived at halftime.And on a fan boat, Brent. His mother
drove him right into the stadium.Waterboy! Waterboy!Foosball's not for the devil.It's for my Bobby.Time to open up some whoop-ass.Shit, he showed up.
All right, look.Just relax. Relax.Go in there and do exactly
like we planned. Go, go, go!This could be the start
of some high drama.Or are the Mud Dogs too far behind?
Bobby Boucher is on defense.The Cougars are coming out
from their own 20-yard line.The pitch. It's a reverse!Boucher's not fooled.Fumble! Robideaux's got it!Touchdown, Mud Dogs!- Boucher knocked the poop out of him.
- "Poop"?Slap hands! Slap hands!Drink up, now. I want you girls
to sober up. Have faith in my Bobby.The Mud Dogs are faced
with yet another third and long.- Hut!
- Grenouille back to pass.He's gonna be stuffed again!
The Mud Dogs offenseis still unable to move that ball.
But the way their defense is fired up,they still have a shot
at winning this game.Look. Now what ifwe...Trust me. Go, go, go, go, go.The Cougars lead 27-7
in the middle of the third quarter.And he takes a knee?Y'all gonna play or what?How do you all like my new offense?All right, it's second and 12,
as the Cougars line up on the ball.What is Red Beaulieu doing,
refusing to play offense?- Dan, this is bizarre.
- No, it's not, Brent.It's brilliant. Red is
taking the Waterboy out of the game.By kneeling down
three times and punting,he'll make the Mud Dog
offense try to beat him.The way they're playing,
that's impossible.The Mud Dog's most valuable player,the linebacker they call "The Waterboy,"
is now powerless.That means Coach Klein will have
to find another way to outfox Red.Mud Dogs call a timeout.Mr. Coach Klein. Mr. Coach Klein!
Mr. Coach Klein!- Where are you going?
- I was just gonna get a hot pretzel.Mr. Coach Klein,
are you afraid of Red Beaulieu?I am petrified of him.Well, why don't you pretend
that Red Beaulieuis somebody that you're not afraid of.- Pretend?
- Yes.Visualize somebody you're not afraid of.- And then attack, like you told me.
- I'll try.He's right over there.Little baby. Yeah.Hello, little baby.A poo-poo?
Do you have a poo-poo?Yes. OK. Now.This is what we're gonna do.
He's gonna come here...Come and get this one, Cougars.Red 22! Hike!Snap to Grenouille. A reverse!No, it's a double reverse!
Oh, what a block!And Bugge springs free!
Trouble! Lateral!Got him! What a play!Grenouille to the 15, the ten,
the five!- Touchdown, Mud Dogs!
- Well, well, well.Coach Klein does have
a few tricks up his sleeve.What the hell...
What the hell is this?We go from a championship
football team to a bunch of dogs!Right now, we're going to go
to the sidelines and Lynn Swann.- What do you have for us?
- I'm with Vicki Vallencourt,taking over Bobby Boucher's
water duties for this game.I'm not takin' over.
I'm just tryin' not to screw up too bad.Let me ask you. What's your prediction
for the rest of this game?- Mud Dogs are gonna win, 30-27.
- That's very interesting.- How'd you come up with that guess?
- Guess? That ain't no guess!- That's what it's gonna be.
- OK. That's fine.Be careful down there.All right. Where's Meaney?- Meaney?
- Here, coach.Get in there and see
if that waterboy can stop you.- Yes, sir!
- Go!Red is sending his best defender in as a
running back? What do you make of this?He's gotta find some way
to neutralize the Waterboy.He probably thinks Meaney
will pound it in there- like Fridge did for the Bears.
- Hey, Waterboy!Is your girlfriend
gonna save you again?No. I'll take matters
into my own hands. You'll see.Bring it to the hole!
Your ass is mine!You sound like a big choo-choo train.Power bomb,
compliments of Captain Insano.All right, field goal.
Field goal. Go.- Derek. Derek!
- Yeah.Visualize the attack.
Go kick the ball. Kick it.Hut!How you doin', boy?No, no, no!What the hell is that?What the hell is he up to?
That ain't in here!Down by ten late in the fourth quarter,
Coach Klein opts for the field goal.They have to hope for the onside kick
and a touchdown to tie the game.Dan, look what we have here.
Boucher's in the game as a blocker.Last game of the year.
Can't hold anything back now.Set!The snap. It's a fake!Boucher's out in front!
A great block!And a second one!
Touchdown, Mud Dogs!Boucher led him all the way!Red Beaulieu is steaming, Dan.He sees his perfect season
slipping away.The Cougars' lead is down to three.Mud Dogs need the ball if they're
gonna have a shot at overtime.And Bobby Boucher
is now on the kickoff team.Last game of the year.
Can't hold anything back.I know.Who's it gonna be?Who's it gonna be?
Who's it gonna be?Oh, yeah. There's my bitch.The ball must travel ten yards.It's loose!- Mud Dogs football! Mud Dogs football!
- All right!- Mama, I got the football! I got it...
- What a vicious hit!That was a cheap shot.What a dumb penalty. That puts the Mud
Dogs in field goal range for the tie.- I'm not sure Boucher can get up.
- Oh, my baby!It's still cold.Excuse me. Out of my way.Dan, you hate to see this happen.Now that's high quality H20.You go on, now!
Make it happen, Bobby!The Waterboy just needed some water.Wow, Dan. You think that up
all by yourself?Shut up, Brent.- You OK?
- He tried to open a can ofwhoop-ass.- I wouldn't let him.
- I have an idea for the last play.You haven't done this before.
The offense is gonna line up like this.- You're gonna be right here.
- There'll be no tie here today.Coach Klein is sending
his offense back onto the field.- He's going for the win right now.
- This is a real gutsy call, Brent.He'll either be a hero
or a goat because of this.And Dan,
Bobby Boucher is back on the field.He is now playing offense!
We know. We know.Meaney, if they give
that Waterboy the football,I don't care if you have to stab him!
Do not let him get away. Understand?- Yes, sir. Yes, sir!
- Do you understand me? Get in there!Break!- I'm ready, friend.
- Let's do it, Bobby.Set! Set!Forty-three! Red 43!
Hut, hut!Touchdown! They won it!
The Mud Dogs win it!Bobby Boucher's the hero!
He's gone from waterboy to savior!Because he didn't
hold anything back!Swannie's down on the field
with our hero, so let's go to Lynn now!We did it! I can't believe it!
I can't believe it!- Vicki, I love you!
- I love you, too, baby.We're the champions!Mr. Coach Klein, you got your manhood!
You got your manhood!Bobby, congratulations.
You're the MVP of the Bourbon Bowl.- How do you feel?
- I love Mama!- Way to go, Bobby.
- Lookin' sharp, Bobby.You the man, Bobby!Bobby, I've been dreading
this day for a long time.- But you got yourself a fine woman.
- Thank you, Mama.Good luck, son.This is the best day of my life!- You just wait till tonight.
- What's gonna happen tonight?- You'll see.
- You can do it!You can do it all night long!I'm gonna go do it!Bobby, it's me!- Your daddy, Roberto.
- Daddy?I've seen you on the ESPN
when they was talkin' about- you being drafted by the NFL.
- Not going to the NFL.I'm gonna stay in school and graduate.The hell with school, dopey! Take the
money! You and me could be partners,just like that Tiger Woods
and his daddy.- Nice hit, Mama.
- Thanks, baby.Now you go on and have some fun
becoming a man.<font color="#00ffff">--Thank for Watching--</font>
[Encode, Sync or Sub by AreLift]