? Hah? Ooh? Hey? Hah? Huh? Uh? Time is truly wastin'? There's no guarantee, yeah? Smile is in the makin'? We got to fight
the powers that be ?? Got so many voices? Saying all the same, yeah? Killing up all around me? Faces full of pain? I tried to play my music? They say my music's too loud? I tried talking about it? I got the big runaround? And when I rolled
with the punches ?? I got knocked on the ground? By all this bullshit
going down, hey ?? Time is truly wastin'? There's no guarantee, yeah? Smile is in the makin'? We got to fight the powers
that be ?? Yeah
? Fight, fight the powers? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...Okay...Huh?Oh, my God, it means:
"Cover me, go left. "Read the manual,
why don't you?Wait for my three count.And one, two...Unbelievable. FBI! Freeze!  FBI!
 Hands on top of your head!Don't move! Get 'em up!
 Okay, calm down, okay, man?On your head!
 Hey, calm down, tough guy.Surprise.We've checked everywhere.There's nothing.Well, place is clean, Ashburn.Looks like your theory
has a few holes in it.Let's roll, boys.So you think it's clean, huh?Oh, here we go.
 Yeah, that's what they...that's what they said last yearright before I arrested
the Red Falls Killer.What are those?Barbecue spareribs?Is that what that is?I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong.Or......maybe I'm not.Yeah. Airtight.Dipped in wax.I respect that.I especially like the meat
to distract the dog.And while that may have fooledthe loudest breather
in the world,it did not fool me.And, unfortunately,
it's not what I'm looking for.So why don't we
just cut to the chase?Are there guns
in this house?I don't know anything
about any guns.Interesting.Maybe I'm wrong. You know?Mm, wait for it.Maybe these guys are...
are right for a change.Stranger things have
happened, right, guys?Mm, that's a trap.
Meteors, comets.Somebody married Pete,
and he can't evencount to three.
 Uhuh.See? Right there?So frustrating.You know,
they loved these housesduring the Prohibition Era.You guys know what
prohibition is, don't you?Yeah, selling
your ass for money?Really?
 Really?No. No, it was, uh, alcohol.People loved to drink it, even
though they weren't supposed to,and these houses
had all these littlenooks and crannies
where they could hide it.Like this one.Is there something behind me?There is, isn't there?Fuck.Now you can roll.Gentlemen.Nice work, dick.Jesus.Let's go. Ooh...Hard to believe she's single.Oh!Immediately below that,
you feel a little crease...Wow, that's pretty
impressive, huh?Do you see that?
Look at that.We'd want to make an incision
right through there.That's pretty amazing, huh?Pretty amazing.Pumpkin!Here, kitty, kitty.Are you at the
neighbor's again?Pumpkin!Here, kitty, kitty.Go on home.I'll see you tomorrow.There you go.Pumpkin, I told youto stay away from
that weird lady.Yo, taxi!Mmhmm.<i>No, no, no,
o  lo  lo... lo siento.</i><i>No, hay a poder
llegar temprano,</i><i>llamar de los vecinos
y diles que...</i><i>Lo siento. PerdÃ³n.</i>Oh, boy.Wife doesn't like you
working late, huh?What do you want?Oh, just, uh, letting you knowthat I have been
observing the agents,overseeing what
they've been up to,you know,
keeping an eye on them.Yeah. Supervising.Supervising. Yes, sir.Look, Ashburn...I haven't made
any decisions yet.Oh... of course not.Every...
everyone deserves a shot.I don't know if you are the
right person for this position.I'm s... I'm sorry, what?What? I'm confused.Walk with me.Sir, I don't...
I don't understand.I've closed more cases
than any agent here.Should I not have
done that?You are a solid agent.There are many other
solid agents.Well, none of them
have closedthe Red Falls Killer case.Ashburn, it's no secretthat none of the other agents
like you.What?I've gotten countless
complaints of arroganceand competitiveness,
showmanship.Just give it a rest.All right.We've got a situation in Boston.The Feds picked up chatter
on a guy moving in.Simon Larkin.We don't know
what he looks like,where he comes
from, nothing.We believe this guy is doing
the legwork for him.Julian Vincent,
nasty son of a bitch.Murder, extortion.This is his M.O.The problem with guys
like that is thateveryone's too scared to talk.Pack your bags.
I'm sending you to Boston.You know how to get
inside people's heads.You want to find Larkin,
get to Julian.You do well with this,
we can talk about the job.? Whoo!? She's got stickers
on her locker ?? And the boy's number's there
in Magic Marker ?? I'm hungry
and the hunger will linger ?? I eat 16 saltine crackers? Then I lick my fingers? Well, every morning
I deliver the news ?? Black hat, white shoes...Hey, Rojas sent me over.He said you were really nice.Yeah, baby,
what are you looking for?What's your name?
 Champaz. What's yours?Champaz?
Did your mom give you that name?Not exactly.Hey, Mullins.Captain wants to know
when you're coming in.Hey, you know what?Tell him I'll be there
sharply at, uh,gofuckyourself o'clock.Okay? If there's no traffic.Thank you.That seems kind of expensive.
 Expensive?Can you break a hundred?
I got a hundred right here.No, baby, I'm not
going to break a hundred.All right, let me see.I don't think I have that.
Wow.My God, do you have,
like, a discount?Hey, what's going on here?Okay, I don't want
any drugs, all right?Oh.No. Hi. How you doing?Are you trying to get a...
a deal on my girl here?Are you her pimp?No, we're just friends.
Isn't that right?Okay, well, it's... I think
this is just kind of...between her and I, so let's...Am I kind of invading
your space here?Kind of.
 I don't want to do that.Let me see if this
will help you.All right, look,
I... I just wanted to...Oh.Well, it... it's, uh...it's a good thing I didn't
get the drugs from you.Yeah, can you imagine that?That would have been...
 That would have been crazy.That would have been bad.
 That would have been bad.Yeah, right?Whew!You'd better wipe that brow.Listen, um...
 Thanks.I got to ask,
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.you know, whatever...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.what was... what was
actually going on here?Oh, we were just, um...She looked kind of sad,
so I just...I kind of thought I'd help her
out and give her a ride home.That's nice, like
a Good Samaritan.Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Were you depressed?Was he giving you
a ride home?Yeah, I was kind of
cheering you up.Yeah, good for you.You know who else is pretty
sad? Frank over here.Right, Frank, you get sad 'cause
you shit and piss yourself?You having a sad day,
Frank?Hey, maybe you can put him
in the back of your car...You want to shit and piss
all over this guys car?You know what,
let's open up the...Frank, you want to shit your
pants and get in the...Oh, good, it's open.I can put, uh, Frank in there.
 Okay.He can shit and piss himself...
 Okay....until he's happy.I got some towels.
I can put some towels...Does that sounds good?
 Yeah, sure.Why don't you let me see your I.D. there?
 Oh, come on, please.Um...  Yeah, hey, let me just
take the whole thing.I don't...  Yeah, it's good.
It's... I got it.Oh, good.You know what?I got nervous that maybe
you didn't havea wife and a whole bunch
of kids, but...but luckily, you do.What's your wife's name?Her name is Bella.Oh, Bella. Good.Hey, can I borrow
your phone for a minute?My... yeah, my...
my battery's out.Why do you want
to borrow my phone?Because I asked you
for your phone.Give me your fucking phone.Shut your mouth.Can't you just, like,
g  give me one chance here?Yeah, I'll give you one chance.Hello?Yeah, who's this?
Is this Bella?No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!That's... Don't do that.
Don't do that.Ow! My God!
 Don't do that.Yes, this is Officer Mullins.
 God!I'm here with your husband.God, what are you, Spock?No.No, he's not been in
an accident, unfortunately.I just, uh... II do have him
here with a known prostitute.God! She's lying!Bella, she's lying!Oh, that's not
the first time, huh?God.
 Yeah, that's him.He's crying 'cause I'm
breaking his fucking hand.God.
 Oh, she said do it harder.All right, Bella.Ow! God!
 That's for Bella.Well, you got to go with
your instincts, Bella.Yep, you're welcome.Yep, she's probably going to
burn your shit today, so...Come on, look, you don't
understand, all right?She just had a baby. There's
a lot going on down there.I'm not going to touch that.
 Why don't you take your, uh,seat belt off for a minute?Oh, come on, please... come on.
 Yeah.No, you seem like
a reasonable guy.You look like you got...
Take your fucking belt off.And you look like
you got some compassion.Listen, I love... I love
the sound of a guy that,after his wife gives him
his fifth fucking child,complains about
her messy vagina.And then you don't want
to fucking touch her!Get out of the fucking car.
 I can unlock the door for you.What the fuck, man?
 Get out of the fucking car!Get out of the fucking car!
 Are you kidding me?Come on!
 Get up against the car.What is your problem?
You asked for my phone...Turn around.
You want to do that?Do you want to do that?
 It's hot! The car is hot!Good! I hope it burns
your fucking dick off!Hey, it's Rojas,
my favorite asshole.Yeah, look what I found.Oh, no, did I take some
of your business away?That's a real shame.Lady, I don't even know
what you're talking about.I just stand on this corner,and I just do
my "sodukas," okay?Oh, is that right? First of all,
it's "soduko," dumbass.And you want to tell me
that you'rejust here coincidentally,
right in the...right in the middle
of all the prostitutes?Lady, tell me this...
why are you so obsessed with me?You should be ashamed
of yourself,trying to break down
a successful black man.You racist?And don't play that race
bullshit card with me!Nine out of ten guys I fuck
are black guys.Lady, what I think
you need to do...you need to go down the road,
take a vacation, okay?And go get your groove back.Lady, just relax, chill, okay?What is that?Take off.Yeah, that's what I thought.I'm not a part of this!Shut up! Shut up!Stop! Oh! Oh!Oh, my God!? Yeah, I was right all along
? YeahOh, my God!Oh, it's on!She's crazy!? YeahCome on, please let me out.
I get really carsick.Please, please, please, please
 Oh, no, that's terrible.No, come on. Oh, my God!I got him now.
I got him, I got him.You are a meth head!Oh, my God!Hey, look who's here.Oh!You just hit him!? So what you waiting for?Yeah, you better run.Oh, shit. Oh, shit.I got him. I got him!Oh, God!You piece of shit,
I said stop.I said... I said stop!I said stop!
 Just get off me!You're crushing my balls!I hope they fucking rupture!Lady, get the fuck off of me!
 You're going to fucking...What the hell
is wrong with you?Bella, I'm sorry!Let me go!
 Hold still, you piece of shit!Ow! My leg, lady!Let me go!No!
 No!Lady, what the hell
is wrong with you?I'll tell you what the hell's
the matter with me.It's you, piece of shit.Son of a bitch.Stop moving!Leave me alone.
Leave me alone!Get off me!
 Shit.Get off me!Shit.Yeah.Man, lady, what the hell
did you throw at me?A watermelon.
 A watermelon?Ah, hell, no!See, I told you
you was a racist.Yeah? I tried to hit you with
my car. What's that make me?Yeah, let's see what you
got in... Oh, look at this.Look at this.
Not even my birthday.Hey, man, you planted
that shit on me, man!Yeah, I planted it, yeah.You planted that on me!
I'm innocent!Shut up before I feed you
watermelon. Get up.Levy?Yeah.
 Federal Agent Sarah Ashburnfrom the New York field office.
 Hi. How are you?I'm going to need all your fileson all known drug dealers
of the area.Right. We heard you were coming.Actually, I was expecting you.
 Ah.I'll show you to your desk.
 Oh, that won't be necessary.I won't be here long.Okay. Okay.
 So I can carry these. Thank you.Where is it?Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey! Ashburn!Ashburn!Oh! Ooh.
 Oh, God.You okay?
 What? What is it?What is it?
 Okay.Lowend dealer just brought
into the East Boston precinct.All right.
 Name's Terrell Rojas.Oh. Oh, okay.Good. Thank you very much.Good... good luck out there.It's not about luck, pal.Not about luck.Wow.That was almost cool.Almost.Come on, come on, come on.Ain't going to
fucking park today?All right.Here we go. Finally.Hey! I'm moving in there!No, don't...!Hey, hey, hey!
No, get back in your car.Hey! Hey!Hey, asshole!Goddamn it.FBI.Hey, you need to sign in.Come on. Let's go.Captain Woods?Captain Woods?Christ.
 I'm sorry?Uh, how can I help you?Special Agent Sarah Ashburn.We got intel recently
that you brought ina dealer by the name
of Terrell Rojas.Uh, yeah, but Detective Mullins
isn't back from lunch yet.I'm sure he won't mind.Well, he's a she, and we're notreally allowed to go
near her collars.Let me tell you what I think.I think that every second
we're standing hereis interfering with
the federal investigation.So, if you'd be so kindas to show Mr. Rojas
to an interrogation room.Thank you.Special Agent?
 Yes.This way.
 Okay.Special Agent?
 Yes.Special Agent?Shit.You are looking at
possession with intent,which is a class D drug charge,
chapter 94C, section 32A.I had a joint and a few
little bags of coke.Since when is that shit illegal?The answer to your question
is always.And with your priors,you are looking at 25 years
and some pretty stiff fines.Who the hell cares about fines?That's 25 years!Never mind.Let's see what
you make of these.Huh? What do you
make of these?What I make of them is
that somebody doesn't wantsomebody else selling
on their turf.But you're still here.And you're alive.
Why is that?Who you working for?
 Nobody.Who you working for?
Who you working for?  Nobody.Nobody! If I tell you,
that's my asschopped up into a million
motherfucking pieces!Goddamn it.Fucker.God.Push!This motherfucker!Everybody's got to fucking park
in my spot.Goddamn it!Shit!Suitwearing, god...Ow! Fuck!God.Yeah, I said I'm...fucking parking there.That doesn't...
Steal my goddamn fucking space.I don't want you to do time.I don't want you to get
chopped up into little, tiny,mothereffin' pieces.Oh.I can protect you.I can.But you got,
you got to help me.I can help you.You're gonna help me?
 Yeah.Tell me where I can find Julian.I don't deal with him like that.I get my stuff from this bitch
named Tatiana on Newkirk Avenue.Can you describe her to me?Well, she got brown eyes.
 Okay.Mm, she got some
bigass "breastses. "Big breastses.
 Okay.Can you maybe be a
little bit more specific?Uh... like...her breastses is like this.Okay. Thank you.That's a shame.Don't.Oh, haha, oh, yeah!We're at a comedy party, yeah.Move the fuck
out of my way.Get a room.Tim, you still owe me 40.Yeah, tomorrow it's 60.Fucking dickweed.Why is the cage empty?What have I told you
about moving my prisoners?He's in interrogation.Why would he be in interrogation
when I'm standing right here?Theythey came and got him.Who's "they"?Better be two of me.
Is it two of me?It was a lady. She was...I'm a lady.
Did I come and get him?No, no, it was a different lady;
she was nice.I'm fuckin' nice.
 No, no.Why was she nice to you?She made me give her the keys.I'm gonna make you
fucking bend over,and I'm gonna reach up your ass
into your pocket and getthe keys to your house.And then I'm gonna
drive there,come in your front fucking door
and kill you in your sleep.I think I have a clear idea
of what we're looking for,and I appreciate
your time.Wow, lady, you're on
a real fuckin' roll.Excuse me? I...Yeah, no, I won't excuse you.I just spent the last 30 minutesthinking of different ways
to kill you.I... I'm... I'm sorry,
when did we meet?What is this, your lawyer?I'm...  What are you,
insurance salesman?Do you sell those shitty suits?I'm Special Agent Sarah Ashburn.How can I help you?You can get all of that,
get it up,and get it the fuck out of here,
'cause this is my room.Were you, were you about to be,
uh, questioned by a detective?I am a detective,and that's my perp.
 Ah.Ah, I... I understand now.Well, um, Detective,Mr. Rojas will be continuing on
with me at this point.No.It's a jurisdictional issue.No, not gonna happen.
 And so, uh, youryour effortsareare duly noted. Thank
you so much.  Oh, great.And if you're okay
with everything,could you justjust
maybe close the dooron the way out?I'll shut the door on you.Will you lay down here
and put your head in the door?And I'll slam it about
157,000 fucking times.Aw, shit, girl, you better run.You need to shut your mouth.Run like you on fire.You need to be quiet.You're gonna get up,and we're gonna
settle this outside.Okay, now I'm...
I won't be going outside.You're gonna get up and
you're gonna come outside.No, ma'am. Not going outside.Fine. We'll do this inside.Can somebody please
remove this personfrom the interrogation room?
 We're good!Mental illness is
nothing to be ashamed of.It runs in many families.I'm gonna hit you.You're not gonna hit me.
Please don't.I'm gonna hit you and knock
all your little buttons.Do not point your finger...I'm gonna hit you there...No, do not put your
finger in my...Stop touching my buttons,
stop touching...Well, stop wearing buttons.Don't you...  Don't you move
those fucking hands again.I'll get that stupid barrette.
H  Hey, hey!I'll take that barrette
right out of your fucking hair!Hey, stop!
Oh, stop, stop, stop!Hey, both of you, my office now.Nope. Not in there.There is nothing
I can do, Mullins.The FBI has jurisdiction.Maybe they're in here. Maybe
they're in here.  Aw, come on.Nope.
 Stop. Will you stop?Nope, they're not in
there. Let me see.What is she doing?
 They're not under there.She's looking for my balls.Oh.Hey, if anyone sees
the captain's balls,let me know!They're about this big,
but a lot tinier.They're like a pea,
or like a, like a ball bearing,or like, if you've ever
seen a mouse ball,about half that size.Incredibly tiny.They're like really, really
tiny, little girl balls,if little girls had balls.So if you find
little, tiny, girl ballsthat are so fucking tiny
and shriveled up, let me know,'cause I'll put them
right back up his scrotum!Knock it off, Mullins.How about you
do something for once?What do you want me to do?!Uh, I'd like you to have my back
and stop being so goddamndisappointing like
everybody else.Oh, well, that was professional.Oh, is that not professional?
Here.Let me, let me be professional.Let me help you
pick up your bag.That's very mature.Let me just
straighten that shit up.Oh, wait, hey, hey!Good news! Good news!I found his balls!Yeah, in a clear sack!Yeah, enjoy that.Shove those
back up there.Cop of the Year!Keep it up!This job is destroying me.You know how old I am?Uh, uh, 58?I'm 43 years old.Mmhmm, mmhmm.Well, I always,
see, I always round up.I have a fiveyearold son
who calls me Grandpa.So, uh, anywho,
uh, sir, if, um...if you could just, you know,
keep her away from me,that would be...
be very helpful.She stole your keys, didn't she?Yes, she did. Do you know
where I can find her?She's probably at O'Flanagan's.It's a bar down the street.Now, it's a little divey.You might want to wear a vest.? Okay, I'm Rambo, I ramshack? I'm next to that cheese
like rat traps ?? On top of that green
like grass ass ?? That's over y'all head
like snapbacks ?? I get it where I fit in,
put up then I put in ?? Tryin' to find an ass I can
put my fucking foot in ?? Run this shit,
no, I run this shit ?? Don't give one fuck,
bitch, I done this shit... ?Sir, is this...
is this place open?Is there a door...?Oh, wow. Wow,
okay, so there is.Could you, um, could you
point it out to me?With... with your fin...
with your finger. Please.Thank you.
Thank you very much.? Here I come again, now, baby? Like a dog in heat...Hand them over.Give me the keys. Now.Oh, my God.Did you drop something?Apologize. Apologies.You are so concerned abouttaking down a guy like Rojas
when we have just wastedall this time, when I could
have stopped a drug lordwho is far more dangerous and
supplies to people like Rojas.Bullshit.
 Oh, really?Who?
 Oh.Okay, you want to
see some bull feces?I think I said bullshit,
is what I said.Here you go. Here's
some bull poopoo.How's this for bull feces?
How does that look? Huh?See that?Oh, come on.
I got a kid here.Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.I'm, I'm very
sorry, very sorry.Wait a minute,
this is a bar.This is a b...No, absolutely not.Nononononono.
Nonononono.Why do I not know
who Simon Larkin is?Uh, that would
probably be becausethe FBI knows
more than you do.Uh, anything that's happening
in my neighborhood,I have a right to know.Uh, no, you actually don't.You want to know.And you do not have the
clearance that would allow youto read everything
that is on this file, okay?Okay, all right!You know,
when bad shit happensin my neighborhood, I get
a little passionate about it.I shouldn't have
read your files.I went too far.Well, I... I accept
your apology.But you need to understandthat this is a highly
important caseand the information is
highly, highly sensitive.Therefore, we have these
clearances that mean...I don't have the clearances.I don't have the
clearances, right?I mean, you're...
you are, wow, FBI.Yes.
 I mean, you are...you're a goddamn
angel of the law.Well, I... that's a little...You know, I want you to spread
those wings out and just soar.While I appreciate
the sentiment...Hey!...it's certainly not...Watch it.You watch it.I'm a federal agent.Oh, yeah?
 Yeah.Well, guess what, you dick.I'm a federal agent, too.I work at the post office.Well, I... I appreciatethe work you do for us
down on the ground.Thank you. Thank you.Bet your ass you do.I can see no one will be
getting their mail today.Wow.Good burn. Good burn.You got burned,
you big drunk paddy!Kiss my cunt, you twat!Yeah.
 So we are...Hey.
 We are good? Thank you.
 Thank you.Hey, America thanks you.And I, it.And it, you.Thank you.Whoaoa.Yes, okay.Good day.Dumbass.All prisoners, clear the yards.<i>So how you been, Jason?</i>You want to talk about
Simon Larkin?Uh, I never heard of him.Don't fucking lie to me.You're my goddamn brother;
I know when you're lying.I'm just a lowlevel guy.Okay? I heard of Larkin, but,
you know, I never met him.Yeah, well,
he's a goddamn animal,and I'm trying to keep him
from meeting you.What, are you gonna
storm through Bostonand take down a drug lord?Yeah, I might.Have you met me?Yeah, unfortunately.Yeah, shut up.Look, I get out
tomorrow, okay?I... I'm coming home.I'm gonna be fine.I promise, all right?Oh! Jesus!Never approach me
if I'm not expecting you!Cheese and rice, what
are you, an animal?!Okay, you know what?You said you would
stay off my case,and where do I find you?
Right here.Right here in front of
Tatiana's apartment.What? I live here.Oh, okay, that's hilarious.Yeah, okay,
you know what's not funny?That you stole
a confidential FBI case file.Oh, that's funny,
I don't remember any of that.I'm gonna say this
one more time.Stand down, Officer.Fuck off, Officer.Oh, okay, guess what?Now you've really done it.
I'm gonna call my boss.Yeah, you do that,
tattle tits!Fucking narc!Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.Hale.It's Ashburn, sir.I'm gonna need authorizationto suspend a police officer
from my investigation, sir.Ashburn, why is working
with local authoritiesa problem for you?
 Sir, it's not.I understand how this might
sound coming from me,but I... I think this individualmight actually be
mentally unstable.According to her captain,she grew up on those streetsand she knows them
better than anyone.That seems like an asset
to our investigation.Nonono.
 Sir, I...Just work with her.Just show me you can do this
or forget the promotion.Well, sir, no need, no need
to take someone's badge.I think I can, uh...I think I can work
something out, sir.All right.
Thank you.Byebye.You know, uh...I just, I think just...
I think you and Igot off on the wrong foot.Oh.
 I don't know Boston,and you obviously have
a  a lot of resourcesand a lot of knowledge about
the area thatthat could be,you know, could be useful.Probably very.So, uh, maybe we can
work together on this.Yeah, I don't need your help
to take down Larkin.You know, you wouldn't even
have known about Larkinif it wasn't for me,
so obviously the FBI canget information
that you can't, okay?And there's a lot morewhere that comes from... a lot.Maybe I just need
to hear a little"I need your help, Mullins. "No, I won't be doing that.Okay, well, get your ass
back in your car.Okay, this is ridiculous, okay?I'm an FBI agent,you're a police officer.
It's not..."I need your help,
Mullins. "I need your help, Mullins.Oh, God, what is...
is this a whisper party?I want that third floor
to hear it."I need your help, Mullins. "And then maybe give me
a little echo on that "Mullins. "I need your help, Mullins!Mullins, Mullins...Just move, move, move!God.Even in that,
you're annoying.I will work with you,as long as we're clear
that this is my case.That's actually not correct.This isn't your...  Awesome.
Glad you see it my way.Careful of the car.Goddamn it.Stand down.
 I got it.If you just, if you just let go.
 I got it.I think I have it, just...
 I got it.Just let me...I got it.
 Geez.Oh, shit.Ma'am, you, uh...Just go. Just go.Okay, now let me
take the lead on this.I'm a trained interviewer.
 "Interviewer"?What are you,
fucking Barbara Walters?I just thought we were
gonna go in thereand bring in some heat on her.I'm sorry, w  what is...
what does that even mean?What does that mean?Me and you, we're the heat.We go in there,
we interrogate her,we scare the shit
out of her...See, we don't say
"interrogation. "It's, it's much
too aggressive.Rule number one: catch more
with sugar than a stick.That's a horrible
fucking saying.Okay, well, what we like to
do isis create aa genuinepersonal interest
in the subject,allowing them to open up.
But from then, I'm going to...Oh, God.  ... uh, perform instant
personality assessmentsbased on the
MyersBriggs theory, uh,Thematic Apperception
Tests, and a few...well, a few others I won't,
I won't bore you with.Oh, my God, well, that's...
I am balls deep in boredom.All right,
as long as you don't dothat whole goddamn
long explanation again,we'll try it your way first.
 Okay.Only 'cause you're older.Oh, my God.Tatiana Krumova.I'm Special Agent
Sarah Ashburn,and this is Detective Mullins.Detective Mullins.
 Detective Mullins.And we'd like to ask
you a few questions,if you could give us a moment.Oh, shoot, you know, now is bad.Oh.
 I'm making butter.Oh. Oh, that's...How about other time?Well, if you could...
 How about right fucking now?How's that? How's that?Right fucking now.Well, Tatiana, thank you.This is,
this is very kind of you.So...how long have you lived here?I've lived here
since I moved in.Shit.Okay, that's very,
very helpful.Okay, we'll get a
little more specific.Uh, what do you dofor a living?I know what this asshole
does for a living.What you know, asshole?Okay, sugar, no stick.It is Bulgarian, is it not?No, I'm fucking French.Oh, Jesus.Tatiana...I don't understand
what you're saying.Nice bullshit Bulgarian.Okay, you know what?
That was perfect Bulgarian.I mean, I don't understand
what you're talking about.Why I go to jail
when I don't do shits?Ah, okay.So she did understand
what I was saying,she just didn't understand
the contextin which I said it to her.
 Oh, sweet God.Okay, okay, all right,
Rosetta Stone, you're done.God.Oh, Jesus.How many porns have been
made on this couch?Oh, this couch
not of your satisfaction?You're not comfy?I'll get comfy.
When my foot's up your ass.Wow.That'll make me really comfy.
 Stop.Don't poke me.
Don't poke me.Listen, Tatiana,
I want to get really real.You ready to get
real, Tatiana?Let's get real.Okay, we both
know you've beenblowing shit
up your nose all day.Man, I get it.There's nothing more
I'd love to do thanslip into my camisole, put
my feet up, have a little smack.Real good time,
maybe a couple cold ones,a little chip and dip,
watch some cartoons.I'd get a big bowlof fucking coke, I'd just
put my face right in it,cut it with a little Ritalin.Heaven on fucking earth, right?Sure.
 I'd camp out all weekfor tickets to that show.<i>WhWhatwhat is this,
Training Day?</i>All fucking week,
I'd camp out for that.But you, you piece of shit,you've been rolling
deep for a long time,and now it's time
you open up that goddamn mouthand tell us what
we want to know.You got good point.
I tell you what.I open my mouth.You get the fuck
out my house now!How's that
for open mouth?Fuck out!
Get fuck out!Yeah. I'll get
the fuck out.All right.You should really stop smoking,
'cause, uh...it's an awfully bad habit.You're leaving half your
lipstick in the ashtray.I had a, uh,
great aunt that lostmost of her teeth
to, uh, smoking.Good to know.
 A lot of fistfights, too,but, uh, mostly smoking.You know what?We're gonna get
out of your hair.So we're just gonna...What? That is not front door.Put your hands where I
can fucking see them!Don't fucking move.What is this,
your drug mule?!Oh, my gosh. Oh, my goodness.
 That's my mother!Huh? Do you have balloons
of horse up your ass?!You break my fucking door!
 Stand down, Officer.Stand down, Officer.Who closes the door
to take a shit?!Get out!
 Humans do.Get out now.
 You get out.D  Don't touch underpants!
 Thank you.Get out, bull in china shop!Out of my house!What the fuck's wrong with you?!Wow, you are just
all stick and no sugar.Did you get
the cigarette or not?Uh, uh, yeah, yeah,
ofofof course I did.Yeah.I snagged these matches, too.I think our guy likes
to go to Club Ekko.Okay, hold on.Come on.
 Really?Yes, yes, really.Let's find out, shall we?All right, hang on.That couch was disgusting;
I need to wash my hands.Wait a minute,
you do, you do live here?That's what I said.Oh.Wow, your windows are all...
all boarded up.Yeah, I've got the glass,I just don't have the, you know,
the window blankets.The curtains?
You mean, you mean the curtains?Whatever. Okay?That's just my family.That's...Oh.Yeah, it's sweet.You want something to eat?I didn't finish my submarine
sandwich from the other day.Oh, God, no, thank you.
Thank you.Well, I'm sorry I don't have
poached eggs in rubies for you.No, I... I don't,
I don't mean to be rude,but one could catch aa MRSA
infection in here, that's all.Yeah, what part of that
wasn't rude?Just for your,
for your own wellbeing.I mean, for example, that door.That door has absolutely
no way of locking.Someone could barge in
at any moment.It's not safe.No one's coming in here,'cause they know I keep this
fully stocked.Oh, my God.Yeah, I know.A Marlin 1894 CB?Yeah.Is that a FNPS 90?Yeah. Nice one.You have all this
in your house?Yeah. You didn't even
mention my baby.Look at this.Oh, oh. Wow, wow.My little pride and joy.Okay.This little beauty could
vaporize an aboveground pool,if you didn't want the
pool anymore, you know?No kidding.
 Pretty, huh?Yeah, how do you, how do you
refuse that sales pitch, huh?You don't,
unless you're an asshole.Wow.Haven't seen one of these
since, what, World War II?No, God, that's...
occasionally ticks.Put it back slowly.Okay, okay.
 Slowly!I'm sorry.Like, half that speed.That's... God, okay.Half that speed.Stop sha...
Put your pinky down.I got it on eBay.It was supposed to be
bigger and different.It doesn't matter.I'm gonna "bad feedback"
his ass though.All right, ladies.
Here's the DNA resultsfrom the book of matches
and the cigarette buttyou got from Tatiana's.We pulled two sets of prints.First one's a real nut job.Look at this:
Reckless driving,assault, arson.Oh, God.
 Really?Who the fuck is this guy?He's my assistant.
What...Uh, you know
I'm an agent, right?Arson?
 It was a drug house.God, I... I really feel the needto finish reading your files,
because this is just, um...I feel the need for you
to stay out of my businessso I don't punch you in the teeth.
 Okay. Okay. Okay.All right, what did you find
out about the cigarette?Okay. Hank LeSoire.Local businessman.Got tons of ties to
the drug world, black market,as well as prostitution rings.Coowner of Club Ekko.Well, it looks like we
found our distributor.Can you, can you
back that up, please?Back up to which one?
 That.Hey! I'm not into you.Your breast is invading
my space. It's just...Well, keep your finger
out of my areola.Well, contain your areola.There. Now we're even.Well, he looks like
a real Chatty Cathy.Did you tap the phone?I haven't been able to.Guy gets a new prepaid
every other week.  Yeah.By the time I can
get his phone numberand hack in,
he's got a new one.Well, let's get a bug into
the phone this guy does have.I want to know
what he's saying this week.Yeah, just get
a court order and a bug,and we'll just do it ourselves.
 Right.If you're gonna
boss me around,you can at least
buy me dinner first.No.
 Okay. Cool.I'll get that to you ASAP.You gotta work on
your game.That was weak.What? I thought I
was being charming.I don't know
what to say to that.Now I just feel bad for you.Okay, so LeSoire
coowns Club Ekko.Let's get over there
and start surveilling itand figure out how to get
a bug in his phone.Tell me everything
you know about it.It's just a shitty
club downtown.I've never been inside of it,
but there's always a lineof awful people
around the corner,and they've called PD a couple
of times to break up fights...Oh, shit.What's wrong?Justjust don't look,
don't look... don't look!Just act like we're talking.
 Hey, Shannon.Hey, Robin.I really enjoyed our
night together, Shannon.You just disappeared on me.Yeah, I know.
I was there.Well, can I take you to dinner
or a movie or something?God, buddy, do you not
hear how patheticeverything out of
your mouth sounds?I mean, there's a girl
out there for you,but it's not, it's not me.Maybe it's her.Her lady business is
like an old dirty attic.It's full of broken Christmas lightsand, like, doll shoes and shit.Why don't you
clean that out for her.Uh, that's a,that's a misrepresentation
of my vagina.Oh, wow, what
was that about?You sleep with a guy
one time,and he wants to get
married to you.Jesus Christ.Yeah, I know
what you mean.? More than a feeling? More than a feeling ?? When I hear that old song...Who is, who is that?My mom.Ortiz settles into
the batter's box.Verlander with the pitch
and a ground ballright side through the legs
of Cabrera into right field.Pedroia is headed
for second base.He slides and he is...How about I tell you
a little something about myself?Oh, God.
 Let's see.I went to undergrad at Yale.I have been with the
Bureau for about 12 years.Um, up for a promotion.See, I... I caught the,
um, I caught the Red...the Red Falls Killer.Yeah, I remember thinking
that guy was innocent.Yeah, he's been in jail
for 11 months.That would make me
a horrible person,if any of what you said
was actually factual, so...Well, you can just tell
the judge you fucked up.I w... I... I... I didn't,
eh, I did not "F" up.Listen, don't get
your panties in a wad.Just...  They're not wadded,
I'm just... my...I'm intuitive,
I say what I feel.I'm usually right.
 Oh.Take it or leave it.
 Oh, I didn't, I did not know.Okay.Hey, say hi to Tommy.It's Tommy.All right,
there's our guy.I... I see him as well.? Daft Punk is playing
at my house, my house ?? I'll show you the ropes, kid,
show you the ropes ?? Got a bus and a trailer
at my house, my house ?There he is, it...
 What?Over there.? I'll show you the ropes,
kid... ?We got to get past
those bodyguards.We're not gonna have to,'cause he's
gonna come to us.Come on.
 What?Excuse me!
Step aside, please.All right.This is, this is
gonna go fast.When I, when I pull
the alarm,the crowds are gonna head
towards the two exits.He's gonna head
towards the nearest one,which is northeast; I will
bump into him in the crowd.I will grab the cell,
place the bug within the phone,tell him he dropped his phone.It's, it's, uh, something I like
to call a "cop drop. "Yeah. Got it.
 Okay, here we go.My God, there are absolutely
no wires attached to this thing.Now, what is that?
What, is that gum or is that...?No, that's Silly Putty?I mean, why is it...?
 Don't touch it, it's a condom.All right, he's on the move.Okay, we got to get
out there and shakeour asses like the
rest of the foxes.Ah, oh, yes, yes, yes,dancing to get close to him...
that is a fantastic idea.Okay, here we go.
 Jesus, don't do it.Don't, don't.
 What?What, why are we...?
 Don't do anything you're doing.But, but he's over that way.Just... let's go
find a bathroom.I told you, I don't have
to use the bathroom.Did I ask you about
your bathroom habits?You are killing us
out there.You don't fit in.Take off that
fucking jacket.Well, this is a, this is
a good jacket. This is...Really? 'Cause you look like
you're gonna set up a tableand do their fucking taxes.Take off your jacket.My God, this is
ridiculous... why...?Your shitty jacket? My God.
 Shhshh! Zip it.Okay, jacket's off,
okay, jacket's off.No, no, I can't watch whatever
process is about to happen.Now unbutton
your buttons.I'm a federal agent.I don't...  Yeah, I know,
and you look like one.Oh, God.  You think you're
gonna bump into himand he's not going to
think something's up?Fine, fine, how's that?Is that good, is that good?
Can we go? Can we please go?I don't know how it's happening.
I think it's getting worse.I... my fear is that I'm
gonna put you in a bikiniand you'll still look like
a fucking bank teller.Okay, do you have to use
that language, do you?I'm trying to
make a point.I'm saying your face
and whatever is underneaththis shitty outfit is maybe
not terrible.  Oh, okay.I'll have you know
I dress appropriately.I, I, I like to...I got it, I got it.
It's when this...your big flapping mouth...starts running,
and then you putth  this getup on top of it,
and it's, it's just a...it's a boner killer,
and I'm gonna help you.What are you doing, what are
you doing, what are you doing,what are you doing?
 Now, I just want you to shut up.Oh, my God, just...Oh, my God.
 Would you shut up?I, I only brought five
of these to Boston.Then, I'll, I'll
cut the other four.God, that's
terrible fabric.This was...
 Just get that off your wrist.This was one
of my favorite ones.Well...God, just take it off,
take it off!Just give me a second,
I'll take it off!Okay, I, I look like
I've been attacked.That's not my fault.What, oh, it's my fault?
 I'm gonna...Let me even out the bottom.Okay, would you just stop
carving up my clothes?!  Stop!I'm making shorts!Everybody likes shorts.Oh, my word.
 Jesus, hold still.Oh, please, just...W... hey.
 That feels awkward, weird.Just don't touch that area.Well, don't duck down.You're gonna suck
my hand up there.It's... will you pull...?Stop pulling my pants off.Jesus.
 What?What are those?What?
 What are those?Stop, stop it.They're my Spanx, they hold
everything together.Why, what's gonna f...
come fucking popping out?Nothing! It just keeps
everythingwhere it's supposed
to be, like in...Shit, like medically?No, no, not medically,
just to...Uh, just keeps it right
where it's supposed to be.You got to, you got
to vent that furnace.Okay.  That's a lot of
compression and heat.It gets plenty of ventilation,
thank you.My hand's a foot off and it's on fire.
 Okay, okay, well, thenwhy don't you cut
these shorts shorterbecause no one can see
my cervix yet?Go ahead.
 I'll cut 'em shorter.No, I'm... stop it, we're finished.Okay, let's
just do you now.Come on, let's just...
 I, I don't need,I don't need that to...
 What do you mean?I put out my sexuality
through motion.When this starts
going, it's all...You'll get it.So I have to look like this
and you get to look like that?I know, it's not fair.Oh, my God.We got to tackle
the helmet.It's got a real...
style memory, huh?Shit, you got to... you
got to flip that shit over.Bend over.
 Why?You look like Darth Vader.
Just flip it over.God Almighty.
 God, just...I gotta just finger tease
the shit out of this.You're doing what?
You're finger...?I'm going to
finger tease it.What is that?
What does that mean?Not what you want it to mean.? Now I lay me down
to sleep... ?Hit it!? I just can't find
the beat... ?What are you looking at?I like how your friend's shorts
make me feel in my shorts.I am sorry, that was much cruder
than I meant it to be.I stand corrected
on the shorts.Let's proceed.Oh, God, we're dead.Ah, one o'clock, one o'clock.Mm, yeah.
Let's do this.All right.Get in there,
get in there.How do you, how do you get in?
I don't know how you...How do you get in?
 In, back, back it in. Yeah, baby, yeah, let's go.
 Get in there.  Whoa.Get your hands in, get your
hands in and get the phone.Okay, Pinky. Yuck!Do the fucking
cop drop.I'm trying to!
 Do the fucking cop drop!Oh, baby.
 I can't do it from this position!? Stoplight...No, no, no, no!Okay, coming in one more time.Get her away, get her away.Aah!
 I got her, I got her, I got her!You're like a fucking gnat!Picture time! Yes!Damn it, can somebody
get my phone?I got it, I got it, I got it,
I got it, I got it, I got it!Let go, let go,
let go, let go, let go.Thanks a lot, bro, and
close a couple buttons.You Ahole. Ahole!
 Club policy. Whoa, Jesus.There we go.
 God bless.I got it,
I got the orange one.Oh, my God, I need,
I need some water.Stop it, stop it, stop it.
 My God,I will fucking kill you,
I will fucking kill you.Oh, where is he, where is he?Get in there, get in there, go.
 Okay, coming one more time.Get her away, get her away.
 Oh, my God.Jesus, there's
too many of 'em.Hey, all right, hi, hi. Your moves are weird as shit.
 I got it.  Aah!Yeah? You have really soft hair.
 And I love it.Oh, yeah, oh,
it's the shampoo move.Use your boobs.Oh, yeah, uh, okay.
 Use your boobs!You see these, see these?
 Oh, my God, yeah.Yeah, look at 'em, look at 'em.
 Oh, my... oh, my God.I'm looking, I'm liking.
 Shake it, yeah, shake it.Oh, yeah.  Shove him in there,
shove him in there.I'll get her, I'll get her.
 Get her away.Hey, what is this?What's going on, girl?Whoa, yeah!No.
 There we go.Dave! Oh, God, back it in.
 Am I in, am I in?Get in there, get in there.
 Whoa, please.Hi.
 Hi.You know, you're the
first chick over 40to give me a boner.Great, great.Want to go get a drink?Okay, yeah.Maybe, maybe.It's the only reason
girls hit on me, I think.Oh, sorry, yeah.
 You know?'Cause every night,
the hottest chicks...they come in here,
they're like,"Hey, there's
LeSoire. "Short skirts, too much
makeup, just lookinglike fucking gremlins, right?
 Oh, I hate that.Don't feed 'em, don't feed
'em after midnight, right?Yeah.
 They turn into more sluts.Fuck it.Give me a whiskey.I just noticed that lion,
that lion.It's just... that is amazing.
 Fuck, who the fuck keepsputting lions in the back?Fourteen dollars.Fourteen dollars?!I  Is it magic
fucking whiskey?Do, do I get a
motorcycle with it?Is it gonna be served
in Jesus' shoe?Can I sit
on your lap?Obviously.
 Okay, all right.Yeah, let's... I like
where this is going.Me, too; me, too.I love foam.
 My nephew knows Seal.Trying to get Seal
to come up in here.Oh! I would love to, oh!We're having a, uh...Yeah?
 ... big foam party later.Oh, I look forward...
 Hey, hey! Oh, shit...  I'm plastered.
 So sorry.Fuck, get up.Let's go.
 God, I am so sorry.Hey!  Come on, honey,
get up. Drunk bitch.Get her the fuck out
of here, guys, come on.Oh, God, she holds her
liquor like a fiveyearold.I'm so sorry.
 Let's go.I'm sorry.
 All right, sweetheart, you're out. I'm a pony!
 Time to go.  Sorry.I'm a pony!
 I'm so sorry.Get her the fuck out of... yeah,
take her home.  Come on, pony,...let's go.  Hey, I got to drive
the school bus tomorrow.It's my shift.
 What the fuck are you talking about?It's my shift!
 Here we go.Come on, sweetheart, go.
 I didn't get your number.It's 21... 22...
 I'll find you, I'll find you.Oh, pretty nice, right?
 Whoo.I have to say, that
was pretty awesome.It really was, man.Put 'er there.
 Put 'er there.Yeah... no, put 'er,
put 'er there.Oh.Aah!
 Don't do that.What?
 You just make it odd.I'm trying so hard
not to lash out at you,and you make itreally fucking
impossible.What was that about?
 We got company.Oh, shit.Hold on,I can lose 'em.
 Do you want me to take the wheel?No, I was a precision
driver at Quantico.They thought I was the
instructor; I was that good.Oh, shoot.Lose 'em!  I'm... What do
you think I'm trying to do?Let me steer it, I...
 Stop it, stop it, I got it.Hold on.Ha!And that, that is
how you lose a tail.Nicely done.
 Yes.I'm surprised.Our friends are back.I got it, I got it, I got it, tag out.
 What are you doing?I'll show you how I stop a tail.
 What are you doing?Just tell me what
you're doing.Watch out!Aah!FBI! Drop your weapon!
Oh, my God.What the hell is that?
 I don't know.Special Agent Garrett, DEA!
Drop it!No, seriously,
what the fuck are you?What are you, fucking deaf?
I just told you.DEA. Drop your fucking gun!
Now!Shit.I'm, I'm very sorry
about earlier.I just thought you
were an assassin'cause of your weapon.And because you
look evil as shit.Yeah, I get it, all right?I'm an albino, so I look
like a bad guy, right?No, no, that's not...
 Yeah.That's not what we were...
 Yeah.Yeah, well, I'm DEA.
Hmm.And let me tell
you something.Two months we been
sitting on that club,and then you two come
in here one nightlike a couple of
fucking amateurs,and you almost blow the whole thing!
 All right,obviously you have no idea
who you're speaking with.I'm Federal Agent
Sarah Ashburn...Yes, I am sure your
credentials arequite impressive, as is your
choice of wardrobe there.Nice hot pants.
You might want to tryshshaving above the knee
next time.Are you giving
beauty tips?Do you own a
fucking mirror?Listen to me, all right?This whole "female
professionalsin the workplace" thing, man,
I'm fine with it, all right?But here's the problem, all
due respect, with you people...is that you get
all excited,you let your emotions
take over,your hormones kick in,
you're riding the cotton pony.The next thing you know,
you're complimenting the bad guyon his fucking couch!Oh, well, all due respect
to you, who's your wife,a fivepound bag of
flour with a hole in it?Hey, hey, hey,
hey, listen, ma'ams,we've been cramped inside this
van for two months, all right,and we're not gonna let you
swoop in from out of nowhereand take all the credit.I don't want to see you two
anywhere near this case.We have got informants
everywhere.We've got surveillance
everywhere.We do not need
the two of youcoming in with your estrogen
flying at full speed,sticking out in the middle
of broad daylight,fucking things
up for us.'Cause the two of
us are gonna bringthese guys in.
 Shit.Fuck you,
chalk balls.Not even on your
birthday, sweetheart.That's right, keep walking.This isn't over.Okay?And FYI, women were b...
we were bornwith hair on our legs.
 Yeah.You don't have to stop.Well, what are you doing?Whoawhoawhoawhoa
whoawhoawhoa!Get...Okay, do you want to tell me
what was wrong back there?Nothing.  I saw your face when
you were looking at the footage.It looked like you
saw someone you knew.Possibly your brother?You did not read that
from my fucking face.You read my file,
didn't you?God, you're an asshole.
 Okay, yes,I read your file, but
it is my job to knoweverything about a case,
including who I work with.I don't like that.We should talk
to him tomorrow.Where is he?Probably at my parents'.Well, then, let's go
to your parents'.I can't... no, I can't go
to my parents'.  Why?I'm the one that put him in jail.Okay, never mind.It's not like
I liked doing it.You know, he got mixed up with
a lot of really bad peopleand then he started...
he started using that shit,and I just had
to get him out of there.You know, iironically, a lot
of people become addictedwhen they're in...
in prison.I think it's like 80,85% of the inmates
require treatment.I hate you.Yeah, I know;
I'm sorry.But I... you know,
I actually wasn't finished.I was going to say...Why can't you just be quiet?What the "F"?These are cloth, they're nice.I could have shot you.
 Oh, I'm sorry,do you not like
someone invading your privacy?Oh, come on.I, I glanced at your file.You broke into my home.I care about who
I'm working with, too,and it's a little
uncomfortablethat you feel the need
to travel with trophies.Okay, well, it's,
it's not what you think.They moved me up here, they
rented this apartment, and,and this is all my stuff.These four shitty,
sad boxes... this is it?This is your life?Yes.Oh, God.I don't think that could be
any sadder if you threw it allin the trash bag and started
dragging it behind you.Oh, my word, you,you use coffee filters
for toilet paper at your house.I'm buying 'em anyway;
they have a dual purpose.That's not what they're for.
 Yeah, real fancypants.I see it; I see it in here.Looks like you were pretty cool
in high school, huh?Yes, yes, III was,
but what...?Because you weren't.You know what that girl's not?
That girl's not cool.My favorite part is,
you only have two signatures,both by teachers.Mrs. Burke said,
"Have a good summer. "That's a personal touch.And then my real favorite
is this one."It'll get better. "Yes, fine.Okay, now we're even.Okay.I see you have a cat.Yep.Is he around?
'Cause I'd kind of like to,you know, pet him and stuff.He ran away, uh,
when I was in New York.Oh, God,
that kind of tears me up.Yeah, it was, um, it was a loss.That cat got one look
at your shitty lifeand said,
"No fucking thanks, man.I am out of here. "I'm stillkind of just grieving
a little bit about it.That fucking tabby is
an asshole, that's what he is.Fuck you.Fuck you...
that's what I say to that cat.Goddamn it.Oh.
 Such a shitty, shitty little life.Even the... you can't
even keep a cat.Ah, you know, that just
hurts a little bit.That's just the grief.
 No, not the grief.It's just the, the pounding
a little bit, just...Oh.All right, well, don't be
a dick about it, but...Well, thank you for that.
That was...All right, let's
hit the road, okay?I gotta change.What's the matter
with your pantsuit?It's, it's pajamas.Well, excuse
the shit out of me.I didn't realize you slept
in a fucking tux.W...
 Go ahead, get your top hat.You could get a girlfriend
and get a job.You don't swear at me.This is the place
where you're supposedto be civilized.
Okay, stop yelling at everybody. Okay?
 For once in your life,be a mother.
 I don't know why your whole familyis jealous of me, then.
 Be a mother for oncein your life, just...
 Some chicken?Oh, great, this asshole.All right, just take it easy.Hey, Pop.Hey, pork chop.Ah, well, well, well,
look who it is.Yeah, the rat's back in the house.
 Nice.What, did you come back
to arrest somebody else?Hey, you know, I saw Ma threwa can of, uh, Diet Coke
in the garbage the other day.She didn't even recycle it.Dad here... he's splicing cableoff the neighbors next door.
 Hey, come on, now, Mark.Maybe you should start
fingerprinting him, huh?That'd be a good call, and
maybe get yourself some stripes?Petey over here,
how many, how many songsyou download illegally
off the Internet... 5,000?Ten, 20,000.
 20,000.Mikey stole a laptopfrom his work
the other day.Stole? I fucking worked
there for six weeks.I deserved
to fucking take it.Exactly... no health insurance.That balances out, but not you.You'll probably call in the
fucking SWAT team, won't you?Uh, actually she could,'cause these are
horrible examples.Here are the nuggies.
 All right, here we go.What kind of an animal throws
her own brother in jail?This kind of animal,
right here.Shut up, shut up.How about keeps him
from killing himself?I was the only one
that got him off the street.None of you fucks did.You should never
arrest your family.Who the fuck are you?
 That's Gina.Well, tell Gina I'm going to
strangle her at the table.Hey, she is
my best friend.You touch her, you got
to go through me first.Who the fuck are you?I'll kill you and kill her
with your fucking dead body!Okay, everybody calm down.Shannon's right.This one has no business
chiming in on a family matter."This one"?
What, why are you talkingabout my girlfriend like that?She wears sweatpantsto your mother's dinner,
that's why.Those are
her classy sweatpants.They don't say
"Insert Here" on the ass.Her ass is hanging out!Look at her, look at her breasts
at the table!Welcome home.Hey.What, you here to arrest me?
 I hope not.You selling Bibles?No, she's... Ashburn.Let's go, let's go.We need to talk. Go.Sit down.Really?Okay, enough,
enough, all right?Get your hands off me.Uh, that is, uh,
that's one of the,uh, better Jesus sportsthemed
paintings I've seen.That's very good, nice.What are you doing
at Club Ekko?What are you, my mother?
What, were you following me?How do you know I was there?'Cause I know everything,
that's why.Are you already working
for those guys again?No, no, this guy Julian...
he sent for mebecause he wants me to
start working for him,but I told him, "No,I'm getting a straight
job," and it's fine.We're... everybody's cool now.Wewe... parted amicably.Are you a "knock"?I'm sorry?
 Are you a knock?A knock. I d... I'm sorry,
I don't know what that is.A knock.
 A knock.Am I speaking fucking Japanese?Yeah, listen to him.I'm gonna sound
it out for you.Are you or are you not...a knock?A fucking knock.<i>Like Johnny Depp
in 21 Jump Street.</i>Ah, I see, I see,
okay, aa narc.A knock, yes.
 Ah, yes, yes... no, I...What are you...
what was I saying?I was missing the "R"
when you were saying...I heard "knock",
but apparently there's a "C. "He said, he said "knock. "
 I said,I said fucking "knock," right?
 Wow.Why are you wearing
a longsleeved flannel?It's hot out.Eh, I'm, I'm a little
fluey, I was...It's nothing.
 You want, you want meto break that thumb?
 Please don't...Want me to break that thumb?
 No, no, no.Mercy, mercy, mercy.Straighten that arm.Uh, it looks worse
than it is.ItIt's not a big deal.This guy Julian,
you know,they don't want me to stop
working, they like me.You tell me where I can find
Julian right now.No, just stay out of it.They're fucking maniacs.They'll chop you up oor
gun you down or worse.Okay, we're...
 Jason, tell me what you fucking know.I don't know anything.I, I... ouch!D  D  DDon't.Okay, Sal, Sal Natale.
 I'll rip it open.Okay, you know Sal Natale?Of course I know Sal Natale.He was going to steal
this huge shipmentthey got coming in,
so they popped him.He's in the trunk
of his Caddyunder the Charles
River Bridge.I want you to stay
in this house.If I catch you
out of this house,I'm gonna hurt you
worse than them.What are you, what,
what are you doing here?What are you doing?
 No, I'm a, I'm a federal agent.I'm a special agent, and I...Special, like retarded?Well, we don't use that word.We say "special needs,"
but II have a very high IQ.Are you a boy or a girl?That's a fair question.Uh, I'm, I'm female.No kidding.All woman.From the getgo?Um...
 No operation?Um...From birth, yes.How you get that close
a shave on your face?I need to go,
but I'll be back to, um...Get back to the airport?
 Yeah, nice knowing you....to... uh, yeah, thank you.Yep, that's Sal Natale,
all right. Hmm.Bullet hole
through the head.That's unusually
civilized for them.Oh, they cut out
his tongue, too.Ah, there you have it.They like to send
a message.Did you find the tongue?
 Sure. Yeah.Shoved it up his anal cavity.Mmm.
 Ooh, that's a weird message.Yeah.
The tip of the tonguewas sticking out of the rectum,
so it made it appear as ifhis buttocks were giving
the police the raspberry.Did they draw googly eyes
or anything on his butt cheeks?No.Seems like kind of
an opportunity missed.That would have been funny.Well, II feel that they werejust trying to be
tongueincheek.God, don't do that.Uh, where are his belongings?Any clues as to where
the body was killed?No.  We're still looking
for their base camp.Well, if there's anything on himthat will tell us,
I will find it. Huh.
 What is that, coke?I don't think so.It's more like a coating.Same traces found
on all the victims' shoes.All of them had...Epoxy powder coating.
Right?That's right.
 Yeah.And each sample was made up
of the same ingredient,which probably means
that they...They were all killed,
same place.Exactly.I checked it out.
 Wow.There are three places
that have this kind of powder.Paint factory. Yes.
 Yeah.I think we all know that.
 Well, it's...Take a look at this.This one right here is centered
in the location...Where all four...
 Where all four dead... ... bodies were found. Yeah.
 ... dead bodies were found.Right.That's what I thought.This one shut down years ago,owned by a man by the name
of Leif Sa...Saggle... Sagglemint.
 Sambertineson?Samber...
 Old Sagglemint.Santino.Santino. Santino.
 Oh, Santino. Santino.Is that a derivative
of Sagglemint?Get me the address
to that paint factory ASAP.Excuse me, Ashburn? Um, I was
wondering if you would...Okay, this is a little awkward.Uh, it's nothing personal,
but as a rule,I... I make it a pointnot to date my coworkers,
so... thank you.I was wondering if you would not
talk to me in that tone.Oh. Oh! Yes, of course.That's a little different.
 Of course, yeah.No, I... I wouldn't.
Why would I?Why would you, really?
 I wouldn't.Just, we should go
to the paint factory.Well, are we clear here?
'Cause I don't...It got real awkward
between you guys.No, it's... I think
we're all good, right?Uh, we're...
 We're really good.Same page.
 Yeah.'Cause I don't want any bad...
 I think we are.We're all good, right?
Okay, here we go.Let's go to the paint factory.She doesn't want
to date coworkers,so spread the word.
Shut up.? Caught my man cheatin'? Now I'm rolling through
the West Side ?? 'Bout to burn this fucking
house down, like I'm Left Eye ?? Rest in peace
? Like I'm Left Eye? Rest in peace
? Like I'm Left Eye? 'Bout to burn this
motherfucker down ?? Like I'm Left Eye? Heard my man is cheatin' with
another bitch at my house... ?What is that shit?Stop it.Just cover me and go right.Well, then, say that.Stop making me want
to shoot you.I don't know
what your problem is,but we told you...
stay out of the city.I don't know what it is.Are you, uh... you deaf?Shh.Do you not, uh...
do you speak English?I got to do something
with you, man.Look, Julian.I'm sorry.I'll sell for you guys,
whatever you want me to do.I'm just trying to make
some extra money.Okay? You can't blame me
for that, right?Relax. I totally get it.Thank you, man.I'm not going to shoot you.Okay.It's cool, man. Thanks.
 He is.Wait, wait, hold on,
hold on, hold on!Shit.All right, if...
if we grab Julian,I can get into his headand we'll have Larkin
by tonight.Two against two.
I like those odds.I'm going to call
for backup.It's already here.Oh, hey.
 Shit.I was looking for you.Um, I forgot to get
your number.Cool. Yeah.Uh, it's 1800
givemeyourfuckingguns.That's... that's, uh...that's... that's too many numbers.
 Okay.Met these disasters
at the club the other night.Now they're both here.You think you might
have been bugged?Give me a break.What the fuck?Think you're hot shit?Guess what?
You guys lookeven older in this lighting.Come on.
 Fuck you.Fuck you!
It's not "fuck me. "It's "fuck you. "You know why?Because I'm about
to fuck you up.Pick it up.Do it.Give me a reason
to shoot you in the face.How long is this going to take?I don't know.
Maybe 12 hours, hopefully less.I have... I have to find out
what drives him.We could just go in there
and beat him with a phone book.No, no, no.
For so many reasons, no, okay?You just need to be patient,
all right?It is crucial... crucial
that you remain patient.It's also crucial
that you stop wearingthat stupid barrette.
 What are you doing? What...?Don't... Just leave it.
 What is the problem with this?I mean, you have one
on your head.Yeah, on top of my head,
like a normal person.What is the difference?
 Just move on.Okay, if you enter that room,you could break the bond
that we have created, okay?Just please, please,
trust me on this one.Okay, do you understand
how important this is?Yeah, I do.And you will be patient?I will.Okay. All right.Hello.Coffee?I drink a little more coffeethan I probably should.
I... Aah!Oh, my...Where's Larkin?You couldn't wait ten seconds?Ten seconds?
 What's so funny?You thinking you're
going to make me talk.Yeah, you're talking
right now, dumbass.You know, you look like one
of the Campbell's soup kidswho grew up and
became an alcoholic.Oh, surprisingly catty.You're a fucking genius.I asked you to stay outside.I need to go tough on him.Oh, uh, are you not
already doing that?No.
I'm doing good cop/bad cop.You know,
I can hear you.Shut up.Just, please,
don't do anything crazy.I'm not going to do
anything crazy.What am I going to do
that's crazy?I'm a police officer.
Huh? I mean, what, am Igoing to shoot you in the dick?
 Oh, my God.You said nothing crazy,
and that is a nono.Nono!Turn around. I need you
to pass a polygraph.Put it away.
 Turn around.No!  Don't worry.
She's not going to do it.She's not going
to do anything.Oh, okay, so you want
to just...you just want to go
and gamblewith your scrotum
and your testicles?Okay, gamble away.Just go to the corner.
 I'm in it.I'll tell you what
we're going to do.We're going to play
a little game.Okay? I'm going to
take out these bullets.Except for this one,
'cause this is my favorite.I'm going to keep that in there.And then you're going to tell me
where Larkin is,and you're going to tell me
where and whenthat shipment
is coming in, okay?Right now.I'm going to kill you
and everyone you know.Aah! God, no.Yeah, that's not what I
fucking asked you, is it?Hey, straight arrow, take the
gun out of this one's hand.Oh, now you want me
to save your scrotum?When is the shipment coming in?
 I don't know.Hey, hey, all right!ThThere's a shipment
on Wednesday.Where?
 II don't know. I swear.
I swear to God, I don't know!Tell her! Just tell her where it is!
 I swear to God!I don't know! Jesus Christ,
don't shoot me in the dick! I don't know!
It's going to be on Wednesday!That's four shots!
Don't take any more shots!Don't shoot my dick off!No! Just tell her
where it's coming in!Honest to God, I don't
know where the drop is!Don't shoot me in the dick!Hey! Enough! Stop it!
 Hey! Hey!You brought Julian
and LeSoire in?What are you, out of
your fucking minds?Wasn't too smart.Oh, okay, so you're
not supposedto arrest someone
when they commit murderand then turn around
and try and kill youat the same time?
Yeah, you wanted usto keep them on the street?
 Yeah.You shouldn't even
have been there!Larkin is the big catch here,
not those two.Now we're never going to be able
to bring these fucking guy...Enough. Craig, calm the hell
down. We can all hear you.Yeah, dogs can hear you.Yeah, of course
dogs can hear me.Yep.
 God, are you okay?'Cause you...
you look really pale.It's a genetic condition!Ashburn, come here.Fucking snow cone.Oh, I get it.
That's a good one,'cause I'm really white.Can I have a moment
with my agent, please?I'm good.All right. I'm going to be
right over there.Right there.Thank you.Ashburn, why didn't you
alert anyoneonce you found evidence
on Julian's whereabouts?Sir, it was an unconfirmed lead.I wasn't going to waste anyone's
time until I knew it was real.Just give it a rest.I want you to stand downwhile I figure out
how to repairall this shit with the DEA.Sir, no, please.
I... I swear, I've...I've been doing everything
that you sent me out here to do.I... we've been doing
such good work.I know. I know you are.It's just...I don't know, it's...never easy
when you are involved.Fuck that guy.
Yeah, yeah.Right? If you're not in trouble,
you're not doing your job.Yeah.We should go get a drink.Right? What's the point
of being a cop if you can'tget one drink
at the end of the night?That's what I'm talking about.Oh, II said just...
I just want one.Yeah, oh, no, no. Here.It is one. It is one.Sometimes he just...
he likes to do this thing,he pours them
in three little glasses,but it's one.All right. Here we go.Fair enough.Let's loosen that up.Okeydokey.There you go.
There you go.Keep a pace.
Okay.Don't spit that shit out.
It's not free.Let's go.Keep that in.Hey.
 Ooh.Yeah.
 Hey. How you doing?I haven't heard
from you.Shit.No. Yeah, you haven't.Well, then, I mean, did I
do something wrong or...?Okay, here we go.It's not you; it's me.Uh, I'm still working on myself,so I can't be a part of two
until I'm a better one.Okay, don't.
You don't have to do that.Uh, wait, I still...
my favorite's coming.Oh. You make me want
to be a better woman.Okay, you know what?
I thought we had a good time.Yeah, I... we did have
a lot of fun.And now we're
going to move on.Let it go.
 Okay.All right. Cool.
 All right.Hey. Hey, no hard feelings,
all right?Oh...Okay.Okay, hit it.Hit it.
 Okay. Okay.Bye.
 Bye. That's good.I don't know how
else to say it.It's pretty clear.
 Yeah.That's why you don't...
you don't feed strays.Yeah.Can we get two more?Shots?Six.We should just get
one more of these, right?I don't know, Mullins.It's hard.I know we're not
supposed to say this,but being a woman
in this field is hard.Well...Men are just so intimidated
by me, which is, like, why?And then you put your
personality on top of that,and it is...
 Mmhmm....it is offputting.You know, I was, uh...
I was actually married for...for six some years... same guy.Was he a hearing man?
 Yes.Yeah, he didn't, uh...
he didn't understandhow much the job meant to me,
so I thought it'dprobably be best
to just be alonerather than to, you know,
compromise the work.I get that.
 Yeah. Yeah.It's kind of weird that it does
get lonely a little bit.You know, and it's...it's hard to make
female friends.Yeah.I hung out, you know...really just with my...
my brothers and stuffgrowing up, and...
 Yeah.they just kind of all turned out
to be terrible people.So that's kind of a bummer.Your f... your family loves you.I mean, in their ownunique... unique way,
but they... you know,theythey love you,
and that's a wonderful...Very unique.That sounds like
it's coming from...somebody
that's an only child.No, I...I was actually raised with
a lot of children, so I had...With the children?
What, in a circus?Uh, no, just in...
in the houses.Oh, my God.You're a foster kid.Yes, I was.Oh, my God.
 Yes.No...  Jesus, that
clears up a lot.Foster... foster kid.
That makes sense.That's a tough go of it.No, it was totally fine.There was a lot
of benefitstoto being a foster kid.Yeah?
 Yeah, oh, yeah. You had...on Christmases, there was
thisthis local drug storeit would sponsor...
sponsor usand give us little baggies of,
you know, toiletries, and stuff.On Thanksgiving...
 Oh, shit.we would... we would hit
these differentputtputt golf courses.It was, you know,
you'd meet all kinds ofother kids.
 Other sad kids?Yeah, no. No, no, no.
 Oh, Jesus.That is the saddest series
of images I've ever heard.No, I don't think it
affected me...I mean, in the long run,
at all; at all.You're probably fine.
 You know, I can see how maybeit was, you know,
like, a little bit,but not anything that's...
 A little bit.Maybe it has?
 Maybe it has.May...? Oh, God.Oh, God, my life.
 Yeah. Okay.Ugh. Oh, God.All right. Yep.All right. Let it out.That's it.
 Oh, God.Good for you to start
working through it.I don't feel well.Oh, Jesus.
 I don't feel well. I don't...I... Wow.  Well, you're
not making me feel great.All right.
 Get it, get it.Blow it out.Really let it go.You've got more than that.
You've got more than...Oh!Good job. Hey.Oh, God, I don't feel well.Good job.
Do you want some JÃ£ger?Oh, God.
Oh, God, I feel sick.Can we have two JÃ£gers?Let's hear it!? DigThis is for you.? The chills that you spill
up my back ?? Keep me filled with satisfaction when
we're done ?  Oh, yeah, pump it.? Satisfaction of what's to come
 Pump it, and pump it, and pull it.Sex walk.? I couldn't ask for anotherLook at it,
look at it, look at it!Look at it.
 Giving it to you, and...? Your groove, I do deeply dig
 Higher.? No walls, only the bridge? My supper dish,
my succotash wish ?"My name...? I couldn't ask for another
 "... is Detective Mullins.You'd better lay
your ass down. "I smell bacon. I smell bacon.I smell bacon.? No, I couldn't ask
for another ?Ooh, ooh.? Groove is in the heartBiscuits are done.? Groove is in the heartBig finish. Big finish.Yes!Yeah!  Let's do it again.
Let's do it again.No!Stop playing this song.
 Why?Because you played it
26 fucking times.  Hey!She's a foster kid.
 Yeah.She got, like, Q  tips and...tampons and shit
for Christmas.Yeah.
 She's had a horrible,Yeah. Yeah!
 fucking, miserable life.Look at her!
 Yeah!All right.
Play the goddamn song.Don't you fucking swear at us.
 Ooh...Oh, are we going to...
 Yes.You celebrate your music.
 Okay. Okay.Everybody, get up.Come dance! Come on!Get up, you fuck!Whoo! Get on.Look, it's a frenzy.
We started a frenzy.You're covered in nuts.You're having a bad dream.You're covered in nuts.? Groove is in the heartUhuh.? Groove is in the heart...What happened? Huh?
 Let's give them...let's give them
a little something...Hold... God, hold still.? Spin me around
till I fell asleep ?? Then up the stairs
he would carry me. ?? Girl, you're every woman
in the world to me ?I love this place.
I love this place.Yeah. Yeah.Hey, to this...
to this place.To this place.? Girl, you're every woman
in the world to me ?? You're my fantasy? You're my reality
 II don't feel it.I don't feel it.Keep it up.? Girl, you're every woman
in the world to me ?? You're everything I need? You're everything to me...Oh, crap.Oh, f...Hey. Hey.How long have we been here?Hey.Hey. Hey.Oh, crap.Okay, focus.Uh, you know what?Here's this.This counts as something.That's it.I'm all in.Hey, how's it going?Jesus, you've got to get
a mint in that Dumpster.Oh, God.Was I smoking cigarettes
last night?Yeah, you kept
taking them outof people's mouths
and smoking them.Oh, God, that's so nasty.It was pretty gross.
 Why is my jacket in the pot?Oh, yeah, don't worry about it.
I'll get it right back.All right,
let's see what you got.Oh, shit.That's great.
 Good evening.That's great.There you go.I didn't think you weregoing to care that much
about your jacket.You didn't care at all
when you gave away your car.Who did I give it to?To Wayne.
 Who's Wayne?Wayne.
He just walked out of here.You were sitting
on his lap all night.You had your tongue
down his throat.What?!Oh, God.Feels like we've been
hibernating.Didn't bother you
last night.Oh, Jesus,
ten missed messages.Will you just...
will you get him, please?Hey, Wayne! Ashburn wants
her underwear back!I do not!You cannot take that car.It's government property.Oh, yeah?Well, I pay taxes,
so fuck the government!Let's not, okay?Wayne, get out of
the car, you asshole.Oh, God.Oh, my God.Oh, shit, Wayne.Oh, my God.God, your first boyfriend.You two were electric.How did Julian escape?Federal marshals transferring
him got ambushed.We're not sure whether Larkin's
men followed the marshalsor if they got information
from the inside.Yeah, you don't think
it's a little obvious?Oh, fuck you!I know when I smell
a fucking albino rat.If you want to be pointing
a finger around here,why don't you point it
right back at yourself?!All right, yeah.
 No, because ifyou two hadn't
brought Julian in,then Larkin would've never even
known that we were onto him.And then this whole case
wouldn't bethe giant mixedup bucket
of shit that it is right now.So fuck you
and your albino prejudice!Now Larkin knows who you are,
and Julian's angry as shit.If I were you, I would
get out of town.You'd like that,
wouldn't you?Ashburn, he's right.This isn't a choice.No! No way!You're not my boss,
Puss in Boots.And even if you were my boss,
you still couldn't stop me.I have more invested in this
case than any of you assholes.And now you fucked it up, didn't you?
 Mullins.Yep, thanks.That's another
fuckedup area of my life.Thanks for bringing it up.No, this was
just emailed to me.Okay, fine.
I guess I'm out of line, huh?Yeah, I'm gonna step back and
see what you assholes can do.Yeah, go USA. Let's go.We got to get my
family out of there.They're gonna kill them.You know, let me
just talk to Hale.The FBI can
arrange everything.No! Are you kidding? We got
a mole in there somewhere.And I'm assuming it's
the fucking albino,but we don't know.
Could be Levy.It could be somebody
from my own precinct.It could be your boss,
Puss in Boots.We are going in there by
ourselves and doing it now.Are you with me or not?Okay, okay.This is bullshit.Why should we uproot our lives
'cause you're an asshole?Go.
 Hey, don't talk to her like that.It's not her fault.Are you sure you want
to bring everyone?<i>No, but it'd be like
Schindler's List. Dad! Come on!</i>We cannot
fit that in the car!I don't want them to take
my treasures.  Jesus.Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
 I'm hoping, I'm hoping it's Vegas.I thought you were outside.
Say byebye.'Cause I'll get my boobs
done if we go there.Say byebye. Say byebye.
Say byebye.  No, no, no, no.I'll call you when
I get there.  Ow.You are so rude.
 I know. I'm so sorry.This is my house.
 Can you just go outside.No, where are you going?
Outside.I'll be right there.
 Outside.Holy shit, I can see through
your shirt.Oh, God, are you serious?
Oh, my God.What are you doing
with the bat?Just let 'em try to come over
here, Shan. Just let 'em try.They're not going to throw softballs at
you... they're going to shoot you, moron.Get your bag.  Oh, would you
get over yourself, for Christ sake.Bring it on, motherfuckers!Not you, Mrs. Amendola.Hi. Can I drive?
 Hi.No, but if you could
make your way around...Why don't you get
out and I'll drive.But if you could make your...
 I'm a really good driver.Mullins!Your mom, your mom.Our lives are in danger.
 Ma! Ma!I may have to change my name.
 Hey, come on.What are you doing?
 So if you get a callfrom someone named Carla, it's me.
 Stop! God Almighty!When did you become
such a fucking princess?You make it impossible.
 You hear this?All right, seat
belts, everyone.Come on, buddy.
Come on, buddy.Right in here, buddy.
 No, no. Highly allergic.What the fuck is this?!
 Highly allergic.That's my puppy. I got him four months ago.
 Highly allergic.I named him Kevin Garnett.
 No. No.You're an asshole.
 You got to see the cock on this thing.We're going to a motel.We're not bring... Move.We're not bringing this
fucking horse to a motel.We got to get Gina.
 For what?Because you put
her fucking life in danger!Nobody gives a
shit about her.If I'm going, Gina's going.Get in there.
 I'm not going unless we get Gina.Just get in.
 We're getting Gina.Move your feet!
I'll chop them off.Thank you.
 Shut up!We're going to Gina's!Everyone put your seat belt on.<i>God, I hope a truck hits us
and we all die.</i>Oh, God.What the fuck
is this girl doing?Could she go any slower?Could she physically
go slower?Go get your girlfriend,for God's sake.
 Um, okay, please.She's fine, Ma!I forgot my curling iron,
Mrs. Mullins!Come on, Gina!Get in the car!What the fuck?I got you the rollie
so you could roll the bag,so get over here!You kidding?
You bought me a bagfor Christmas so that I could
carry my own luggage?Gina, come on.
Let's go.I'm gonna get you
a dicksucker for Christmas,so I don't have to do it
no more.Go get her!
 I'mI'm going!Jesus Christ!
 Gina!You really...
you didn't say that.Oh, that got
your attention.Go on, go get her.
 Come on, Pete,just break up with this girl,
for fuck sakes.This'll help.
 Come on, you're making a scene!Let's go, let's go!Let's go, you assholes. Okay?Let's go, Mark!
 You think you're man enough?Come on!
 You fucking man enough?Knock it off!Just knock it off!I got this, I got this!
 Come on.Hey, assholes!
 Get in the car.You animals!
 Whoa!Get in the car!
Get in the car!Did she just pull out a gun?You know what happens now?!You don't get this one!
 No.So, uh, Jason, your
family seemsseems nice.Yeah, we, uh, we have
our good days.But my makeup is in that one!I'll rip
your fucking pants off!<i>If we just knew
where that shipment was</i>coming into, we would have,we would have Larkin and
we would have Julian,they would both be there,
and we could get them.I'm just happy that Jason, you
know, is out of there for now.Yeah.It's a shame, though.Having your brother
on the insidewould be a, would
be a coup for us.That's what you want to say?'Cause you're saying that
out loud.Okay, you know what, Mullins?You would say exactly the same
thing if it wasn't your brother.We're done talking about this.So, if it was just
some random drug dealer,you wouldn't send him back in?If it was
someone like,I don't know, Rojas,
you wouldn't...We're not talking
about Rojas, are we?  Okay.We're talking about Jason,
my brother, you fuckwit.Okay, you know what?
We all havea lot to lose
if we don't catch Larkin.Yeah, what do you have to lose?I have a lot.
 Yeah?Some bullshit promotion?You don't give a shit
about my familyor if Jason gets out there
and gets killed.I feel that you're not
being honest.Because nobody,
nobody forced your brotherto get involved with drugs.You're an asshole for that.Okay, you know what?
That's not helping either.See, I'm trying to
create a dialogue.Note that I am starting my
statements with "I feel. "I feel...
 Oh, I feel like you're an asshole.You know what I feel?I feel that you have
worn that shirtevery single day this week,
and I feel that you turning itinside out does not
make it a new shirt.Well, I feel like it does.Oh, really? Okay, well,
I feel I disagree.Must be nice.What? What?
 Must be really nicefor you to just know everything.To be so much smarter
than everybody else.I... I don't profess
to know everything,but I do know quite a bit.And what I know is accurate
and scientifically proven,and I just share
that information with you.If you have a problem with that,tune me out
like you always do.Help! He's choking!Okay, I've got it, I've got it.
 He's choking, help!Sir.
 Somebody call an ambulance!Okay, I got it. I got it.
 Call...Check his mouth,
check his mouth!Nothing in there!
 Okay, all right.Let's lay him down.
Sir, just relax.Everything will be just fine.
Let me get his head back.Okay?
 Yeah, okay.He's choking.
 You're gonna be okay.I need a, I need a knife
and a straw please!I need a knife
and a straw please!Why do you need
a knife and a straw?Why?
 I need them 'cause I'm gonnaperform an emergency
tracheotomy.What?!
 I'm gonna need a glass of vodka.Vodka! It's a Denny's!Uh, for sterilization...
hot water.Do you know what you're doing?
Have you done this before?Technically, technically,
no, but I've been,I've been doing some
research, and I feelfairly confident I know how.
 Fairly confident?Jesus! He's still choking,
you know. It isn't time to stop.Okay, sir, what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna find your...Oh, God, don't, please don't
put that in there.  Shh.Stop touching me... so, the
cricothyroid membrane...I think, I think
it's right here.I'm gonna make a small incision.
 Please don't do that.Let go of my hand, let go of
my hand, let go of my hand.I'm gonna make
a small incision.The reason I'm
doing this... Oh!Oh, God....is because
you're choking.I'm gonna cut in...Wow, okay,
just a little bigger.Wow, okay, that goes in
deeper than I thought.I'm gonna insert my fingers in
here because what's happening is...Don't put your
finger in there.Don't put your finger in there.
 Wow, that feels a lot different.There's the membrane, okay?It's a fucking horror show!Don't put your fingers
in there!Sir, what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to insertthe straw in the hole.And it's gonna allow the
oxygen to get to your brain.Now if you give
it one moment,you're gonna feel the oxygen
flow into your brain.There we go.
 That's not oxygen!Jesus Christ, that's not oxygen!
 Oh, my God! Oh, my God!That's a lot of blood.
 What are you doing to him?Oh, my God, ah!
 Oh, Jesus!Oh, my God, there's
so much blood!I don't know
what I'm doing!Stop crying! You did this!Is the ambulance coming?!
 You're fucking killing him!I'm so sorry!
 I got it, I got it, I got it, move!I'm so sorry!
What are you doing?So much blood!You asshole!
 Oh, my God!You probably could have justpulled the piece of pancake
out of his throat.He's alive, isn't he?You know what? I have a cut
on my arm from earlier.Do you think
I should amputate it?You know you're not
a real doctor, right?Yeah, neither are you.Okay.Yeah, byebye.
 You're a reckless person.See you later. Yeah, thank you.
 Okay, thank you.Byebye.
 Not you.Oh, my God.Ashburn.Why don't you have
your own phone?Who am I, the Queen of England?I don't know, does the Queen
of England only wear sweatpants?Fuck you.
 You... "F" you.This is Mullins.
Hey, Shan, I left, all right?I couldn't sit there anymore.
 What are you talking about?Where the hell are you?Look, I talked to them,and everything's fine,
all right?Nothing's weird, we're good.Nonono, nonono!It doesn't work that way, Jason.They know you're my brother.
 Yeah, but they also knowyou arrested me,
and I made it seemlike I hated you.
That's good, right?Itit doesn't work that way.
 What's happening?Shut up for a minute.Look, I know where the
shipment's going to, all right?Okay, I don't give a shit
about the shipment!What shipment?
 Just get your ass back here now.Let me talk...
 Look, I'm gonna stick aroundand work it or they're
gonna know something's weird.Get off me.
 No, it's my phone.Please trust me... I... I'm trying
to do the right thing here. Are you, are you kidding me?
 What?Jason, Jason. Ow.Jesus Christ. Jason!
 Ow! Let go of my vest.Shan.
 Ow. Jason, it's Ashburn.What the fuck is going on?Give it to me.
 What have you got?Don't talk to her!
 Look, the shipment's cominginto the Boston Harbor Shipyard
at 11:00.Okay.  It's a big freighter,
tons of guys, all right?No, I got it, I got...
 They're gonna be heavily armed,so you got to be careful,
you hear me?Okay, okay.
 God, get off!The ship is called the, uh,"S.S. Tank" or something
like that, all right?I promise we'll be there.All right, II got to go.
 Thank you.I'll break
your fucking arm!God!
 Okay, take it easy.Just take, just take it
easy, just take it easy.Just...Jason? Jason?Shit!You just made
my brother a dead man!No, no, he's
gonna be fine.Mullins, I swear,
he'll be fine.We'll... we're gonna
have thethe full powerof the, uh,
the Boston FBIdown on that terminal tonight,
I promise you.He's gonna be fine.It really is
a good thing.You'llyou'll thank me.
 Shut up! All right.
 Ship's coming in.Time to lock and load.Okay, here we go.Here we go.Police. Put your hands up.FBI!Get your fucking hands
in the air! Now!Let's see them!Boat's clean.It'sit's not clean.We found a joint in
that girl's purse. If...Oh, now,
this is really a mess.Sir, we just, we just have
to hit the streets again.We hit the streets,
a  and if the shipment came in...Ashburn, enough.It's over. I'm sending you
back to New York.Sir, sir, nononono,
please, please.I'mI'm telling you,
I'm so close.I'm so close, and this was
just a little hiccup.No, it wasn't a hiccup.<i>Lo siento.</i>Don't...Don't even... Oh, God.Uh, um, sorry.Uh, Detective Mullins...
have you seen her?Oh, hospital.Some kind of family emergency.Oh, God.He's in an induced coma.They shot him and left him
out in the street.I'm so sorry, Mullins.I'm sorry.Yeah, he was trying
to move on.He had a job interview.I... I saw the résumé.It was a terrible résumé.He... mentioned prison,
and in "special skills,"he said, "Keeping it real,"
but he...he was trying.How'show's your family
holding up?Well, they're not talking to me.Blame me more now than ever.It's not your fault.Yes, it is.Damn it, I should have
handled it by myself.So that's it?I'm not your, I'm not
your partner anymore?No, you're not.You're another
fucking disappointment.I just want you to know
that I'm gonna findthe man responsible for this.Hey, Shan.Uh, that was wicked rude.? You can live your life? In a crowded city? You can walk along? A crowded street? But the city really? Ain't no bigger? Than the friendly people
 Police! Put your hands up!? Friendly people that you meet ?
 Really?Ugh, God.? But it don't do? Too much good to be talkin'? Brother, when there ain't no? Ain't nobody listenin'.Hi.Hey.I'll give these back to you.Thank you so much for your help.Anytime.Hey...We're gonna miss you
around here.Oh, I don't think so.I might.Oh...You did a good
job out there.Just keep your fingers
out of guys' necks.It's nasty.Bye.Bye.All right, if anybody
has any questions,you come to Adam or myself.That's all we got.All right.We sent out alerts to airports,
train stations.DEA's gonna take the lead
on this one, all right?Now, although this isa joint task force, we're also
working with the Boston PD.Right. Adam and I are gonna be
handpicking all the officersso we don't wind up with this.Ooh, ooh.All right,
any questions?Hey.Hey, that's not right.No, it's not.No, that officer
that you're making fun of,the one that you're all
laughing at, has more integrity,more commitment, more courage
and more gutsthan anybody in this room.Yeah.
But less mental stability.Okay, okay, so, um,
justjust to be clear,what does mental instability
look like?Keeping people safe?Protecting the community?
Getting the job done?Is that what it looks like?
Well, then great.If that's what
mental instability looks like,sign me up for the crazy house.That officer right thereis a better
law enforcement officerthan anybody in this room.Myself included.She is better than you,she is better than you,and she's definitely
better than you.What are you doing?!
Are you texting?Are you playing
a game? What?What is it? Put it away.Put it away.
God, you guys are just...What is, what is
the matter with you?You're such,
you're just such jerks!You're just such...You're just a shitjerk!You're just a shitjerk
dickfucker!You're a shitjerk
dickfucker assholer!And you all can just
go fuck yourselves!Not... sorry, senor, not you.Pardon, please.Just, all you fuckers!Get on the ground!You are under arrest! Put your
hands where I can see them,and tell me
where the fuck Larkin is!Hey.I think it'd be much more better
if you put your hands up."Much more better"?Drop the gun and take
a grammar course, you idiot.Who the fuck are you?Me and her?We're the fuckin' heat.All right.We've got some scumbags
to visit, huh?Yeah, we do.Get up, asshole.Let's go.? OohWhere's Larkin?What? I don't even
know who that is.Where is he?!
 I told you,I don't know
who the fuck that is!Really?
Okay, so it's clean?Clean?
You not finding anything?Nothing in here?
Really, you...Right, okay, hhold on a second.
How about this?Right there!Got your pizza.Got your pizza, mister.Just a minute, Lou.Fresh hot pizza.
 Get on your knees!What the fuck is this?
 Get down on the ground!Where's your stash?
 I don't have anything yet.I'm waiting to get some
from a new distributor.Who's your new
distributor?? Ooh? OohOh, shit, man.Guess who.Surprise.
 Hey, man, come on, man!Listen, I don't know
what y'all doing here!I'm out the game.You know what I hate?
Drugs.I'm a different man.This is not mine.I just bought that refrigerator
the other day.This must have been in there.We want to know where all
this new shit is coming from.Where is Larkin?Bitch, which part of "I'm out"
do you not understand?I'm out!You want to interview him?Mm, no.No, I think I have
something better in mind.Oh, shit!I don't know shit!
Come on!I don't know, you're getting
awfully heavy, Rojas.Yeah, lie to me again.I want to feel your body sliding
through my delicate hands.I don't know shit!
 Whoa, whoa, whoa!I can't, I can't hold you.
 No, I don't want to die!I don't want to die!Okay, okay!It's at a warehouse
on Summer Street!I'm almost disappointed.Get me up!All right, let's
pull him up.No, wait, I'm not
kidding anymore.I really... I can't lift him up.
 What?!No!
 I can't lift him.Shit, I've only done this
one other time,and it was a really tiny hooker!Lift my ass up!You ain't fucking putting
nobody over no railsyou can't fucking lift them out!Okay, okay.Uh... just tuck your head
and relax your body.Lady, what the fuck?!God...
 Crap. Crap.Get me up! Let me out!Thankthank you again.Thank you.That was on me.I take that.I hope this ain't my car.This my car? This my car?Oh, shit!My 2003!Let's load up.? Hey, I can be the answer? I'm ready to dance
when the vamp up ?? And when I hit that dip,
get your camera ?Nonononono.Yes, yes.  No, no,
you said that thing ticks.Yeah, but not for days.? The bitch
who wants to compete ?? And I could freak a 'fit,
that pump with the peep ?? And you know what your bitch
become when her weave in ?? I just wanna sip that punch
with your peeps ?? And sit in that lunch
if you're treating ?? Kick it with your bitch
who come from Parisian ?? She know where I get mine from
and the season... ?Are you hungry?I got a sandwich
I didn't finish.Is that the same sandwich
you offered me a week ago?It's cheese.Cheese doesn't go bad.? Ayo, ayo? I heard you're riding with
the same tall, tall tale, tall ?<i>? Telling them you made some
? Made some ?</i>? Saying you're grinding,
but you ain't going nowhere ?? Nowhere? What you goin' do
when I appear ?? Wwhenwhen I premiere? Bitch, the end of your lives
are near ?? This shit been mine, mine? What you goin' do
when I appear ?? Wwhenwhen I premiere? Bitch, the end of your lives
are near ?? This shit been mine, mine? This shit been
mine, mine. ?Baby formula.
Yeah.Cartels have been
smuggling cocainein baby formula for years.Two of them, two of us.I like those odds.Boston PD!
 FBI!Get down on
the ground!That's right, that's how we roll.Come on.You guys all coming backfrom break at
the same time?Unfortunate.You guys get less attractive
every time I see you.Put the fucking guns down.
 No, thanks.Nice entrance,
Teen Wolf.What?!You look like a Ninja Turtle,
all right? Take it easy.I've held someone at gunpoint
for 72 hours before... let's go.Wewe need to do what he says,
all right?What?!It's the, it's the best thing.What are we gonna do,
shoot our way out of this?Okay, just put the gun
in the bag.No, get your... hold your gun up.Just give them the bag and
give them everything! Come on!Goddamn you.I thought you had my back.
 Put it in the bagand slide it over, now.It's in the bag!
It's in the bag!Slide the bag over.
 Sorry.I guess you and her
are engaged now, huh?What?!Well, 'cause you just gave mea ring, motherfucker!Oh, shit.Shit.Oh.Get up. Get up already.
 Ow.Oh, God.No, no, stop, stop, stop,
stop, stop!  Pull it out.Okay, that feels broken.
 Pull it out.It's out!Nice work.How many of
you are there?Really?Hey...How funny.This is like when you
were interrogating me,only now you're tied upand I got all these knives.You know, I don't like, uh...
I don't like to shoot people.I like cutting people up.It's kind of what I do.That's athat's a... I like that one.
It's...  That's a good one.It's a good choice; it's small.
 ... a small one.You like this?Not too flashy.This is actually
a oystershucking knife.Either of you ladies
need your oyster shucked?Not at the moment.
 Not me. Not me.You know,
I got to tell you,I've done this a...
lot of times to a lot of people,but you two... you're
gonna be the most fun. What?Larkin's here.Larkin.
 Upstairs.The fun'll have to wait.The boss is here.Can you, uh, please
excuse me a second, ladies?Sure. Take...Yeah, take your time.
 ... whatever time you need.Okay, cool. Cool.Oh, also, um...would you mind
holding this for me?Well, mymy hands are tied,
but I can... Oh, okay. Let me help you.
 Ooh!  Jesus!Thanks.Fuck! Fuck! FF...
 Shh.Fuck, fuck, fuck!
 Shh...!Breathe through the pain.
Breathe through the pain.Yeah, do that.Do that, do that.Breathe it out, breathe it out,
 Oh, my God.breathe it out.
 Okay, Mullins.Oh.If we should perish in here...We're not gonna.
 All right, just shh...!I know I'm not very good
with my feelings... oh, God...but I need to tell you
something, okay?Okay, you are...
you are smart,you are smart
and you are intuitive,and you're the best cop
I'veI've ever worked with.Oh, God.You, too. Thank you.You were right... I went back
and looked at the evidence,and I think the Red Falls Killer
is innocent. Oh...Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.Did you happen to
mention that to anybodybefore you put yourself in a
lifethreatening situation?No, no, I didn't!
No, I didn't!Jesus! Good luck.You're taking that to
your grave, probably.Fuck, the other leg!
Fuck, the other leg!Oh, God.
 I got it. I got it.You can move your chair,
too, you know? Just...I am moving my chair!Just grab the knife.
Grab the knife.Take it. Take it.Take it, just take it.I'm sorry.I got it!Waah!Shh. Shut up.
 Waah! Waah!Shut up.
 Just come on, come on, all right?I am doing it as
fast as I can.It's almost there, it's almost
there, it's almost there.Whew... Come on.
 Got it! Hurry up, hurry up...
hurry up, hurry up.What?
 Somebody's coming up.Got to put it back in.
 What?!I got to put it back in,and I'll put my hands
behind my back,and then when he gets
close to me, I grab him.But you got to shut up
and let me put it back in.Okay, just put it in,
put it in...Oh, my God, what are you...?
Jesus!Sorry, it doesn't go in
that fuckin' easy.Just... just...
 Just shut up, shut up.Ow! Motherfucker.Oh...
 I'm sorry.Oh, shit.I'll pretend... I'll pretend
to keep my hands tied.Shut up! Shut up!Oh, no, Scoob!Velma and Daphne got captured!Ah, I never thought I'd be happy
to see you guys.Come on, we got to get her
to the hospital.Did you guys call this in?Yeah, I sent a fuckin' owl
with a note.How did you even
know we were here?We followed you.
I knew you weren'tgonna give up that easily,
especially not afterthey greased
your shitbag brother.Fuck you.
You know, it takesa lot more than Larkin
to take down a Mullins.Wait, JaJason's not dead?Come on, Adam.
Larkin is on his way.What is this, a Q and A?Can we fuckin'
do this later?Yeah, wait...
did he talk to the police?Did he see Larkin?
 Well, how was shesupposed to know? He's been
in a coma. Can you pleasecontinue untying my leg?
 That's too bad.Where is he?
Is he at Boston General?Why, are you gonna send
him fuckin' flowers?Why are you so...Oh, my God.You piece of shit.You guys are working
with Larkin.I really wish
you hadn't said that.Said what?Oh, God! Oh, God.
 Shit!God, that felt good.God, it wasn't the albino.I feel bad.Yeah, no, he wasn't
working for Larkin.He just wanted you
off the case'cause he's
a misogynistic asshole.Why are you doing this?
You getting some kind of,what, a payoff,
is that what it is?I was, in the beginning.Six years dealing
with these lowlives,making shit money.Ah.You're Larkin.Holy shit.? Tada!Get it? Right?Makes perfect sense.Uh, well, now I'm bragging,but it's very nice
having a second income.I heard shots.
What the...?Aw, the albino?That guy was hilarious.Boss, I don't think that was
such a good idea.Yeah, well, you spend three
years in a van with himand you'd kill him, too.We'll pin it on LeSoire.I've got to go to the hospital
to finish Jason.You deal with these two.No loose ends.
 Mmhmm.Fuckin' rat.We told you
to stay out of the way.Goodbye.You fuckin' rat!See you, buddy.
 Don't call me buddy.He's actually a great guy.All right, uh...let's have some fun.I've been waiting
to do this a long time.Campbell's soup...you're up first.Please don't hurt us.
Please don't hurt us.I didn't mean to say
that shit I said.Please don't hurt us.Aah! God!Come on!Son of a bitch!Mullins, gun at 2:30! Mullins!Get... Get off!
 Don't!You take one step, and
your partner gets it.Oh. Ah.Shit!Nice.Oh, my God...
Oh, my God.Look at me.
 Oh, God.Look at me. Are you okay?
 Oh, God,I think I'm gonna throw up.My God, it was
a really bad headbutt.Yeah.
 Yeah. It was good.But you're gonna feel it.Go, go, go.
 Get yourself untied.And then we're gonna
go get Jason.Okay, got it?Why won't they answer my phone?Go, go, go, go, go.Oh, dickfucker!Damn it, get off
the fuckin' phone!Useless!We got something. I got it. I got it.
 Get her on the stretcher.No, no, I got it.I got it! I got it, I got it, I got it.Okay, thank you.Thank you very much.
Thank you.Oh, crap.There you go.
Oh, crap.All right, got to turn.Call 911.You won't shoot me?Well, just...
yeah, call it, call it.Where's my brother,
you asshole?Okay, you know, it's that kind
of language from your familythat forced us to move him to
the east wing of the hospital.I don't know why...
 Move, dipshit!Jason, I'm coming!What the fuck?Come on, come on.Stupid, stupid chair!Screw it.Eee... Eee...Eee...Shit.
You know,it's amazing
what a little airin the bloodstream does
to the human heart.You may not want
to watch this.Wait. Wait, wait, wait.I just want you to
know that... I get it.I get it.
I mean, I've been on the...Eee... Eee...  I've been on
the job a long time, and...you just see
so many bad things and...and bad people, and you...you just start to wonder
if, you know,is anybody good
anymore, and...I just want you
to know that, you know,you don't have to do this.You don't have to do it.I know.But I do, because I have plansthat don't involve me going to
prison with people I put there.So say goodbyeto your mick brother.
 Wait, wait, wait!Drop it, or I'm
gonna fire this weapon.Or I inject...Oh, you shot him in the dick.Twice.Oh, shit!I took a page right out
of your book, partner.Oh, God, but I've
never done it.I just... you know,
I just aim it at it.I don't actually do it.
That's ffuckin' crazy.What about Julian?
 I take the bullets out!What?  I mean, I just use it
as a tactic to scare him.I mean, Jesus,
I'm not fuckin' crazy.Oh, my God, don't make me
feel about it. God!  No, no, I know.Hey, no, come...
Ooh, watch that leg.You did good,
little buddy.You saved my
brother's life.Doing good.
 Thank you.Yeah.
 Shit.Internal Affairs
is going to opena toptobottom investigation
of every department now.Nice work.Well, it was...
it was a team effort, sir.Yeah. We put out
an APB on Julian.Oh, don't bother;
he's in the trunk.Oh, and, uh, sir...uh, we're gonna have to reopen
the Red Falls Killer case.Good for you.I don't know.I thought that would feel good,
but it felt awful.You know, that's
probably gonna...just keep feeling bad.I'm glad you did it.Should we be leaving
the hospital?  Oh, shit. No.Probably not.
Probably not.Spin it, spin it.
 Okay, did it, did it.Now, let's...
let's take this one though.Okay. Is that clean?
 Let's get you up here.I'll get you...
It's clean enough.Oh, my God, that smells.
 Get off the leg, get off the leg.Like several people
died on here.Oh, my... Let me just sit.
 Let's get your legs up.No, I don't need
to be on my face.You know, you can
help the process.  Ow! God!Not clean.
 Inchworm it up.Come on. Come on.
 Okay, okay, that's good.Just flip me.Get off the leg,
get off the leg,off the leg.Don'tdon't fall off.
 Oh, my God. Okay.Okay, I want this place
locked down, people.Nobody goes in or out
without talking to me.I want you three
stationed at each endof the east wing.
Let's go.All right, let's clear
this hallway, people!Let's go!
 What are you...You two, get the
press out of here.You okay?Yeah, yeah, I'm good, I'm good.Yeah, I knew you would be.I'm good, too.Excuse me.You see this
woman right here?This is one of the best
agents in the FBI.You make sure she's
well taken care of.All right?That was...that was...
that was interesting, right?I would look into that.
 Yeah...Oh, God! What is that?All right. All right, let's go.
 Oh, Christ.Um, you actually
have to stay here.Why?
 All right, well, just...do what you can
to save that leg.Oh, I'm not a doctor.All right, fucktard,I know you're not a doctor,
but tell it to the doctor.How about that?All right, I'll wait
right here for you.Throw out that sandwich.I'll bring you that sandwich!
 No!Throw it out!You got it, buddy.<i>For outstanding service,</i>Officer Shannon Mullins.There you go, Shan!
There you go, Shan!That's what
I'm talking about!There you go, Shannon!Hold it up!
Hold it up! Yeah!Take out the gun.
Take out the gun.<i>Just a little snooze, man.</i>I'd like to cake toast to Jason.
 Cake toast.Yeah! To Jason.
 Yeah, dude.May I have your
attention, please?I wanted you to have this...
it was your grandmother's.Aw.  She would've been
very proud of youtaking care
of your brother.Yeah, that's...
that's awesome.Take a picture.
Take a picture.Come on, take a picture.
 Oh, my God. Are you serious?"Dunkin' Jesus"?
 Yeah.No cell phones.How about now?Oh, different story?
Oh, come on back.  Jesus.Ashburn.
Hey, it's me.Hey!So, uh, you getting all settled
in your new digs?Yeah, yeah, they're pretty...
pretty sweet.Who needed
that promotion anyway?I'm glad I stayed around where
all the action is, you know?We got a lot of scumbags
we need to take downhere in Boston, Mullins.Yeah, we do, right?Hey, uh...
 Yeah....did you get
that package I sent over?Oh! God, I haven't even
opened it yet. I'm sorry.It's crazy, 'cause your dad
sent me something, too, so...It's, like,
the Mullins' gift day.Hold on.Oh. Okay.I signed... signed it in front.Does that mean you
broke into my house again?Maybe, maybe not, right?Yeah, it's amazing how that door
just opens up all by itself.Okay, I see it.
That's very funny.No, I know. I was just kidding.Just look at the...
look at the back.Oh, you wrote
something else meanand profanityladen in the back?Okay, here it is.Well...don't make it weird.Later, nerd.Takes a nerd to know a nerd.Okay. You made it weird.Bye.
 Bye.I left my baby in the car.Hi.Hey. There's, uh,
there's been somethingI've been thinking about a lot,
and it's been bothering me,and... well,
I got you something.Oh. Okay.
 Oh.I found your friend.Pumpkin!Awesome, right?I drove all the way
to New Jersey,and I was up and down these
streets and looking all over,and, you know, I was
just about to give up,and I was over
by your old place.All of a sudden I hear
this little bell,and I thought,
wait a minute.I looked in your neighbor's
window, and I sawthis asshole sitting
right on the couch.I said, "You are coming with me,even if you don't want
to go back with her... "Oh, he fought you, huh? Yeah.
 Yeah, he fought me.Wow.
 Pretty hard, but I'm just gladthat, you know,
I could kind of make this...reuniting... Yeah.
 Oh, wow.What a surprise this is. Huh.What a surprise, huh?Look at where you are.This was never your cat, was it?
 Yeah, no, no, no, it isn't.Goddamn it, put him in the box.
Put him in the box. Oh, can you...
can you put him back?I... well, do I have a lot of choice?
 Well, can you...make sure he's got...
lot of water?Just don't.
 He likes to snuggle.Don't make me put the
cat down and punch you.subtitle improved by  <b><font color="#ff0080">SELVAHEMA</font></b>? It's no use,
we're gonna have to fight ?? Thrown your words round
a thousand times ?? Like a child
who can't empathize ?? You don't speak the language,
you don't read my signs ?? You wanna know
what I really think? ?? You wanna know
what I really believe? ?? There's a fire burning
up in here ?? See the smoke
coming out of my ears ?? Oh, no, we both know? More trouble's gonna find us
if we're all alone ?? I wanna show you
what I really mean ?? But you're always
on the outside looking in ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? Come inside,
lie down in my head? ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? I just wanna have you
up in my head ?? Hey, hey, hey, heyhey? Hey, hey, hey, heyhey? Look through my eyes,
I'm your binocular ?? And every time you'll get
a shock, you'll learn ?? What's it like to be
in my dimension ?? I'll be the center
of your attention ?? Come listen
to all the sounds I hear ?? The quiet prose
and the crack of the snare ?? Make your mark
on my territory ?? Carve your name
in every cavity ?? Oh, no, we both know? More trouble's gonna find us
if we're all alone ?? I wanna show you
what I really mean ?? But you're always
on the outside looking in ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? Come inside,
lie down in my head ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? I just wanna have you
up in my head ?? Hey, hey, hey, heyhey? Hey, hey, hey, heyhey? Look through my eyes,
I'm your binocular ?? And every time you'll get
a shock, you'll learn ?? What's it like to be
in my dimension ?? I'll be the center
of your attention ?? Oh, no, we both know? More trouble's gonna find us
if we're all alone ?? I wanna show you
what I really mean ?? But you're always
on the outside looking in ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? Come inside,
lie down in my head ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? I just wanna have you
up in my head ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? Come inside,
lie down in my head? ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? I just wanna have you
up in my head ?? Oh, want a piece
of my mind? ?? Emphatic and erratic
at the drop of a dime ?? Oh, want a piece
of my mind? ?? Climatic and dramatic,
like Jekyll and Hyde ?? Oh, you want
to read my mind? ?? Emphatic and erratic
at the drop of a dime ?? Oh, want piece
of my mind? ?? Dada, dada, dada, dada,
dadadada ?? Like the blood
running through my veins ?? This is my DNA
and my chemistry ?? But from the pews
of the congregation ?? You'll never know
the real salvation ?? You wanna know
what I really think? ?? You wanna know
what I really believe? ?? There's a fire burning
up in here ?? See the smoke
coming out my ears? ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? Come inside,
lie down in my head? ?? Oh, won't you come into
my head? ?? I just wanna have you
up in my head ?? Ooh? Ahooh? Ooh? Ahooh? Oh, want a piece
of my mind? ?? Climatic and dramatic
like Jekyll and Hyde ?? Oh, want a piece
of my mind? ?? Emphatic and erratic
at the drop of a dime ?? Oh, want a piece
of my mind? ?? Dada, dada, dada, dada,
dadadada. ?