"These violent delights
have violent ends,"and in their triumph die,
like fire and powder,"which, as they kiss, consume."Gran?Edward, don't! She'll see you.Hmm.Okay.Gran, I'd like you to meet...Happy birthday, Bella.Happy birthday.I thought we agreed, no presents.Well, the one from me's not wrapped,
so it doesn't count.That's actually great. Thanks, Dad.It goes with this one from your mom.
We coordinated.Well, she coordinated me.It's to put your pictures in from senior year.Senior year.-How'd you get so old so fast?
-l didn't. It's not that old.I don't know. Is that a gray hair?No. No way.Happy birthday.That's really funny.Another missing
hiker brings the total to three presumed dead.Rangers are searching
for the killer animal...Situation's a!! critica!You've got to look first before you goIt's Bella. Bella!-Hi.
- I'm...Today's the big day, Bella.A and J essay due.-Oh, yeah.
-Wherefore art thou, Bella?)Let me take a picture of you guys.
My mom wants me to put together, like,a scrapbook full of memories.Oh.
Cool. Yeah.I take them. I'm not in them.-No, no, no, come here.
- Well, you are today.You'll photoshop this
if my nose looks big, right?Don't worry, I’m in the picture.
No one will be looking at you guys.That's good.Oh, good. Cullen's here.Well, talk to you later.-Happy birthday.
-Don't remind me.Mmm.Bella, your birth is definitely
something to celebrate.-Yeah, but my aging's not.
-Your aging?I think 18 is a little young
to start worrying about that.Its one year older than you.No, it isn't. I’m 109.Well, maybe I shouldn't be dating
such an old man.-Mmm.
-It’s gross. I should be thoroughly repulsed.Uh-huh.-We have to go to class.
-Okay.Wait a second.Someone wants you.- Bella!
-Jacob!What?I'll leave you to talk.Hello, biceps! You know,
anabolic steroids are really bad for you.Well, I’m just filling out, Bella.You know, it wouldn't seem so drastic
if we hung out more.You should switch schools.
You can come hang out with the palefaces.I’m all right.
I prefer the rez school's exclusivity.They let any old riffraff into this place.-I see. Then why are you slumming it?
-Mmm-hmm.l was just buying a part for the Rabbit.You should really come
take a ride when it's done.Is it fast?Um.It’s decent.-I’m kidding.
-Okay. Good.Hey, happy birthday.Your dad told my dad, so...Yeah, of course he did.I saw this the other day and thought of you.Catches bad dreams.That's kind of perfect.Thank you.No problem.-Good seeing you.
-Yeah, I’ll see you later.Bye.So how come Jacob Black
gets to give you a gift and I don't?Because I have nothing to give back to you.Bella, you give me everything
just by breathing.See? Thank you.-That's all l want.
- Bella!-Happy birthday!
-Shh, shh!I thought I said no presents.I've already seen you open it,
and guess what,you love it.You're gonna wear it tonight. Our place.Come on. Please? It'll be fun.-Okay. All right.
-Great!Okay, I’ll see you at 7:00.Jasper, no fair with the mood control thing.)Sorry, Bella. Happy...Never mind.You can't trust vampires. Trust me.O my love! My wife!Death, that hath sucked
the honey of thy breathhath had no power yet upon thy beauty.Thou art not conquered.Beauty's ensign yet is crimson
in thy lips and in thy cheeks.And death's pale flag is not advanced there.I hate being celebrated.There are worse tragedies.
l mean, look at Romeo.Killed his true love out of sheer stupidity.Yeah.Though l do envy him one thing.Juliet is, like, perfect.lf you like
that obviously beautiful sort of thing.Not the girl, the suicide.It’s nearly impossible for...For some people.For humans, a little poison,a dagger to the heart.There's so many different options.Why would you say that?Because I had to consider it once.I didn't know if I’d get to you in time.I had to come up with some kind of plan.What was the plan?That I’d go to Italy and provoke the Volturi.-The what?
-The Volturi..  Now, who'd like to repeat
the last few lines of iambic pentameterjust to show they were paying attention?Mr. Cullen?Yes, Mr. Berty."O here will I set up my everlasting rest"and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars
from this world-wearied flesh."Eyes, look your last."Arms, take your last embrace!"And, lips, O you, the doors of breath,"seal with a righteous kiss a dateless
bargain to engrossing death!"Eyes on the screen, people.Thus with a kiss I die.The Volturi are a very old,
very powerful family.l guess they're the closest thing
to royalty my world has.-Is that Carlisle?
-Yeah.He lived with them for a few decades.Described them as very refined.
No respect for human life, of course,but a respect for the arts and the sciences,
at least.And the law.Above all, the law.Vampires have laws?Not very many.And only one that's regularly enforced.What is it?That we keep the existence
of our kind a secret.We don't make spectacles of ourselves,and we don't kill conspicuously.Unless, of course, you want to die.You gotta stop talking about that.I can't even think
about someone hurting you.Bella, the only thing that can hurt me
is you.And I don't have anything else
to be afraid of.That's not true.Victoria? She'll come for me one day.Alice will see when she decides,
and we'll be ready.I could protect youif you change me.Bella, you already do protect me.You're my only reasonto stay alive,if that's what I am.But it's my job to protect you.From everyone except my sister.It’s time! It’s time. It’s time. It’s time!Your lips are nettlesYour tongue is wineYou're left as liquid
But your body's pine.  Sorry about all this.-We tried to rein Alice in.
-As if that were even possible.-Happy birthday, Bella.
-Thanks.I found it in your bag. You mind?Dating an older woman. Hot.-What?
-You first, Rosalie.It’s a necklace. Alice picked it out.Thanks.Show me the love.This one's from Emmett.Already installed it in your truck.Finally a decent sound system-for that piece of...
-Hey! Don't hate the truck.)Open Esme and Carlisle's..  Just a little something
to brighten your day.Yes, you've been looking
kind of pale lately.Ow.Paper cut.Jaz, Jaz. It’s okay. It’s just a littleblood..  Get Jasper out of here.I’m sorry, I can't.I’ll have to stitch this up in my office.Check on Jasper.I’m sure he's very upset with himself,and I doubt he'll listen to anyone
but you right now.Edward.l never wanted to have a party.
.  It’s not your fault.Jasper hasn't been away from human blood
as long as the rest of us.How do you do it?Years and years of practice.Did you ever think
of just doing it the easy way?No.I knew who I wanted to be.
I wanted to help people.It brings me happiness,
even if l am damned regardless.Damned?Like hell?Carlisle, you couldn't be damned.You couldn't. It’s impossible.Thank you, Bella.You've always been very gracious about us.So that's it?
That's why he won't change me?Imagine the situation in reverse. Hmm.If you believed as Edward does,could you take away his soul?You can't protect mefrom everything.At some point,
something's gonna separate us.It’s gonna be an accident or illnessor old age,as long as I’m human.
And the only solution is to change me.That's not a solution. That's a tragedy.You're not gonna want me
when I look like a grandmother.Bella, do you not understand
my feelings for you at all?Carlisle told mehow you feel about your soul.I don't believe that.So don't worry about mine.You should go inside.It’s still my birthday.So can I ask one thing?Kiss me?I love you.Up with your turretAren't we just terrified?Shale, screen your worryFrom what you won't ever findDon't let it fool youDownHey.Just come take a walk with me.We have to leave Forks.Why?Carlisle's supposed to be 1 0 years older
than he looks,and people are starting to notice.Okay, I’ve gotta think of something to say
to Charlie.When you say "we"...I mean my family and myself.Edward, what happened with Jasper,
it's nothing.You're right. It was nothing,nothing but what l always expectedand nothing compared
to what could have happened.You just don't belong in my world, Bella.I belong with you.No. You don't.I’m coming.Bella,I don't want you to come.You don't want me?No.That changes things a lot.But if it's not too much to ask,can you just promise me something?Don't do anything reckless.For Charlie's sake.And I’ll promise something to you in return.This is the last time you'll ever see me.I won't come back,and you can go on with your life
without any interference from me.It will be like l never existed, I promise.lf this is about my soul, take it.
l don't want it without you.It’s not about your soul.You're just not good for me.Not good enough for you.I’m just sorry l let this go on for so long.Please...Don't...Goodbye.Edward.Edward!Edward.I’m gonna try the Cullens' place again.- The Cullens left town, Charlie.
-Good riddance.Where'd they go?We'll find her, Charlie.-Thanks, Harry.
-Charlie!Hey.She's all right.I got her. Thank you, Sam.There's a possibilityAll that I hadWas all I’m gonna getAlice, you've disappeared,like everything else.Now who else can I talk to? I’m lost.When you left,and he left,you took everything with you.But the absence of him is everywhere I look.It’s like a huge hole has been punched
through my chest.Bella.But in a way I’m glad.The pain is my only reminder
that he was real,that you all were.All right. That's it.What?You're going to Jacksonville
to live with your mother.I’m not leaving Forks.Bells, he's not coming back.I know.It’s just not normal, this behavior.Quite frankly, it's scaring the hell out of me
and your mother.Baby, I don't want you to leave.I don't, but just go. Go to Jacksonville.
Make some new friends.I like my old friends.-Well, you never see them anymore.
-I do.I’m gonna go shopping tomorrow
with Jessica.-You hate shopping.
-I...I need a girls' night out.All right. Girls' night.Shopping.I like it. Go buy some stuff.Hi, Jessica, it's Bella.Yeah, Bella Swan.I don't know why you want to
sit throughall those zombies eating people
and no hot guys kissing anybody.It’s gross. Like... And why are there
that many zombie movies anyway?'Cause if it's supposed to, like,
draw a parallel about leprosy,my cousin had leprosy.
It’s not funny, you know?And, like, is it supposed to be
a metaphor for consumerism?Because don't be so pleased
with your own, like,self-referential cleverness, you know?Like, some girls like to shop.
Not all girls, apparently.Although I was surprised
you even called at all. You know?Like, your depression thing,
I get it. I’m totally, totally worried.But after a while it's like,-you're still bumming...
- You want a ride, girls?...and I’m going through stuff, too.
You know? Like Mike decidinghe just wants to be friends.What's up? Look what we found.It’s hard, you know?Like, and since when does "just friends"...1 : What's up guys?
2: Look what we found.Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, where you going?Keep walking.This is dangerous.-Dude, come on.
- Come here for a sec!I think I know those guys.We got beer! We got bikes!Well, they seem great. Can we go?I’m just gonna see something.Hey, girlie!All right, all right. We got a taker.Turn around.2: Shut up!
3: You shut up!I’m sorry, I thought you
were somebody else.No, that's cool.
I’ll be whoever you want me to be, honey.So, what do you say?You promised me, nothing reckless.You promised it would be
as if you never existed.-You lied.
-You say something, babe?You know what? Never mind.Stop! Stop, stop, stop!Hey, what the hell's wrong with you?Just curious.-l thought that l saw something.
-You... Oh.You're insane, actually. Or suicidal.That homeboy could've been a psycho.I was about to end up in an
interview room like some lame  show.God, that was such a rush.Awesome.
So you're an adrenaline junkie now?That's cool. You can go bungee jumping.You don't get on the back
of some random loser's motorcycle.Crazy.Alice, I saw him.Maybe I’m crazy now. I guess that's okay.If a rush of danger
is what it takes to see him,then that's what I’ll find.Bella!Where the hell have you been, loca?I brought you something.-Okay.
-It’s a little crazy.Wow.Scrap metal. You shouldn't have.I saved it from the junkyard.I think they'll probably cost more to fix
than they're worth,but then I thought that
if l had a mechanic friend-to help me out then...
-Ah!-Me being the mechanic-type friend?
-That's right.-Since when are you into motorcycles?
-Since now.I get it if you think that
this is really stupid and reckless.Yeah, I mean,
it's completely stupid and reckless.When do we start?Um.Now.-Please?
- All right.Oh, hey, be careful.
Those things are actually really heavy, so...Jake, you're, like, buff.How did that happen?
You're, like, 16. I don't get it.Mmm-hmm. Age is just a number, baby.
What are you, like, 40 now?It feels like that sometimes.That song's good. You don't like it?I don't really like music anymore, kind of.Okay. No more music.So I was thinking,
if we're gonna do this every day,and hopefully we will,we have to, like,
fit some homework in there somewhere.I don't want Billy thinking that
I’m a bad influence on you.You? Influence me? Please.Are you... I’m older than you,so that makes me the influencer
and you the influence.No, no, no.My size and knowledge base
actually makes me older than youbecause of your general paleness
and lack of know-how.I convinced you to build
two-wheeled death machines with me.Don't you think that makes you
kind of young and naive?Okay. So where do we stand?-I’m 35. And you might be, like, 32.
-Come on.- Yo, Jake, you in there?
-It’s okay. It’s just my boys.-Hey, Jake.
-Hey. Guys, this is Bella.-Bella, that's Quil and Embry.
-Hi.I’m Quil Ateara.So the bike building story is true.Oh, yeah, yeah,
I taught him everything he knows.What about the part
where you're his girlfriend?Uh...We're friends, you know.- Burn.
-Actually,remember I said she's a girl and a friend.Embry, do you remember him
making that distinction?Nope.So you guys have girlfriends?
That's awesome.Yeah, right.
Quil's actually taking his cousin to prom.Yeah, that's still a riot.You want funny, Black? I’ll give you funny.Jeez.Hey, that hold's illegal!I got five bucks on Quil.You're on.All of the astronauts
Champagne in plastic cupsWaiting for the big hero to showOutside the door he stands
His head in his handsAnd his heart in his throatWhat can he tell them nowDear Alice,I wish I had your real address.I wish I could tell you about Jake.He makes me feel better.I mean, he makes me feel alive.The hole in my chest,well, when I’m with Jake,
it's like it's almost healedfor a while.So, Quil keeps asking to come over.
I think he likes you a little too much.Oh.Well, I’m really not into
the whole cougar thing. You know?What's up with you and age?I mean,
how old was that Cullen guy, anyway?But even Jake can't keep
the dreams away.Hey, hey, hey!Wake up, Bella.You're okay. You're okay.I thought this thing was starting to work,
but I guess not.Can I ask you something?Hanging out with Jacob,that seems to take your mind
off things a bit, doesn't it?You know, sometimesyou gotta learn to love what's good for you.You know what I mean?Of course, what do I know?I’m just a terminal bachelor.Famous ladies' man.Okay.I’m gonna go to bed.Uh...I love you.lf l told you l couldn't have fixed
these bikes, what would you have said?Are you doubting your mad skills?No. Definitely not. I mean, they'll run fine.It’s just,maybe if I was smart,
I would have dragged out the rebuild a bit.If you told me you couldn't fix these bikes,
I would say that that's really too bad,but that we're just gonna
have to find something else to do.Is that Sam Uley?Yeah. Him and his cult.Oh, my God.Did you see that?They're not really fighting, Bella.
They're cliff diving.Scary as hell, but a total rush.-A rush?
-Most of us jump from lower down.We leave the showing off
to Sam and his disciples.You have some kind of beef with him
or something?l don't know.They just think they run this place.Embry used to call them
hall monitors on steroids.-Now look at him.
-That's Embry?-Yeah.
-What happened to him?He missed some school.Now all of a sudden, he started
following Sam around like a little puppy.Same thing happened with Paul and Jared.Sam keeps giving me this look,like he's waiting for me or something.It’s kind of starting to freak me out.Well, you should just avoid him.I try.Okay.-You look scared.
-I’m not.All right.-Brake?
-That one.Clutch?Good.Gas?Ready?Now, slowly release the clutch.Bella.Stop.Whoa!You all right?I’m gonna go again.Okay.Ah!Whoa!Hit the brake!I wanna go again.Are you trying to get yourself killed?-No. l want to go again.
-No. Forget it.No more bikes.Man, your head.Ow.-Yeah.
-Oh, my God, I’m sorry.What, you're apologizing for bleeding?Yeah. I guess I am.Well, it's just blood, Bella. No big deal.There.What are you staring at?You're sort of beautiful.How hard did you hit your head?I don't know.Let's go.I did see something in the woods.Totally. Baby, l believe you.No, he doesn't. He's just trying to get lucky.No, okay. It was jet black and huge.On all fours, it was still taller than a person.A bear, maybe?Or an alien.
You're lucky you didn't get probed.Well, I saw it.You know, you're not the only one.My dad's been getting reports at the station.Like, five hikers have been killed
by some bear.But they can't find the bear.Hmm.Last time you clowns doubt my girlfriend.Um...So? I mean,Bella's back?Yeah, I guess so.All right, that's... Well, welcome.So, listen, now that you're talkingand eating again, which, you know,
you've got to get that protein in there,I was just wondering if you wanted to go
see a movie with me.Yeah. Sure. Yeah, l do.Cool.Let me see, we could check outLove Spelled Backwards Is Love.You know, it's a dumb title,
but it's a romantic comedy.-I mean, it's supposed to be pretty...
-No. No romance.How about Face Punch?
Have you heard of that?I mean, that's an action movie.Yeah, that's perfect.Guns, adrenaline.That's my thing.Okay.We should get a bunch of people to go.
Do you guys want to go see Face Punch?Face Punch, yeah!Mike, hey,
we were supposed to watch that.Remember, the trailer's like...-"Punch faces."
-I remember.Yeah!
Movie night with Bella.So Face Punch, huh?You like action movies?Not really.I heard it sucks. Bad.Are you even old enough to see this movie?I mean, you know, without,
like, adult supervision.Right, yeah, well,
she's buying my ticket for me.She's buying it. Okay.Jessica bailed,
and Angela got the stomach flu,so Eric's taking care of her.-It’s just us three.
-Great!-Great.
-Yeah.1   Put your gun down.2   Put your gun down
or I’m gonna blow your frickin' head off.3   Both of you put both
of your guns downor I’m gonna blow both
of your frickin' heads off.1   All right, forget it,
let's do this!Okay, I think I’m gonna throw up.He's...What a marshmallow!You should hold out for someone
with a stronger stomach.Someone who laughs at the gore
that makes weaker men vomit.Yeah. I’ll keep my eye open for that.I feel bad. He probably has
that flu that's going around.What? I can't hold your hand?No, of course you can.I just think it means, you know,
something a little different to you. So...Okay, well, tell me something.
You like me, right?And you think I’m sort of beautiful?Jacob, please, don't do this.Why?Because you're about to ruin everything.And I need you.Well, I’ve got loads of time.I’m not gonna give up.I don't want you to,but it's just 'cause I don't want you
to go anywhere.And that's really selfish.You know,
I’m not like a car that you can fix up.I’m never gonna run right.
So I should be fair to you.It’s because of him, right?Look,I know what he did to you.But, Bella, l would never ever do that.I won't ever hurt you. l promise.I won't let you down.You can count on me.Well,I need to go home.I was feeling sick before the movie. Okay?What is your problem?Right now? You're my problem.Feeling sick?
Maybe you need to go to the hospital.You want me to put you in the hospital?Jake! Jake. Jake, the movie's over.
What are you doing?You're really hot.Like, you feel like you have a fever.
Are you okay?I don't know what's happening.I gotta go.That dude is weird.Jake,
your dad says you have mono.He won't let me visit,
but would you call me?Hey, it's me again. I just...I’m sorry about what I said
at the movie theater.I just wanted to hear your voice,
so no pressure.Jacob, please...Call me.Okay. We should be back around 3:00.Hey.Look, l don't have to go fishing today.Yes, you do.Yeah, you do.
Go. What are you talking about?Just be careful.Always am.Those bears won't get the drop on me,
Bella.My kung fu is strong.Jake!Hey!You cut your hair off?And got a tattoo?Bella.l thought you were too sick to come outsideor pick up the phone when l call.Go away.What?Go away.What happened to you? What's...Hey! What happened?Did Sam get to you?
Is that what's happening?Sam's trying to help me. Don't blame him.But if you want somebody to blame,how about those filthy bloodsuckers
you love, the Cullens?l don't know what you're talking about.No, you know exactly
what I’m talking about.You've been lying to everyone. Charlie.But you can't lie to me.-Not anymore, Bella.
- Jacob!Jacob!Look, Bella,we can't be friends anymore.Look, Jake,
l know that I’ve been hurting you.It’s killing me. It kills me.l just need... Maybe give me, like,-some time or something.
-Look, don't.It’s not you.It’s not you, it's me, right? Really?It’s true. It is me.I’m not good.l used to be a good kid.Not anymore.This doesn't even matter. All right?This is over.You can't break up with me.l mean...l mean, you're my best friend.You promised me.l know.l promised l wouldn't hurt you, Bella.And this is me keeping that promise.Go homeand don't come back
or you're gonna get hurt.Alice,things are...Things are bad again.Without Jake, l just... l can't stand it.l don't see Edward anymore.Will it really feel like he never existed?l will find the place
where l can see him again.Bella.Laurent.l didn't expect to find you here.l went to visit the Cullens,
but the house is empty.I’m surprised they left you behind.Weren't you sort ofa pet of theirs?Yeah. You could say that.Do the Cullens visit often?Lie.Yeah, absolutely, all the time.Lie better.I’ll tell them that you stopped by.But l probably shouldn'ttell Edward,'cause he's pretty protective.But he's far away, isn't he?Why are you here?I came as a favor to Victoria.-Victoria?
-She asked me to seeif you were still under
the protection of the Cullens.Victoria feels it's only fair
to kill Edward's mate,given he killed hers.An eye for an eye.Threaten him.Edward would know who did it.
And he'd come after you.l don't think he will.After all, how much could you mean to himif he left you here unprotected?Victoria won't be happy
about my killing you,but l can't help myself.You are so mouth-watering.-Please, don't. l mean, you helped us.
-No, no, no, no.Don't be afraid. I’m doing you a kindness.Victoria plans on killing you
slowly,painfully,whereas I’ll make it quick.l promise.You will feel nothing.Edward, l love you.l don't believe it.-Dad! l saw them.
-What's the matter?-In the woods. They're not bears.
-What do you mean "in the woods"?Bell, what the hell
were you doing out in the woods?They're wolves.
l mean, they're like huge wolves.Are you sure about that, Bella?Yeah! l just saw them.
They were after something.Wolves?You saw them?All right, well, Harry,feel like going hunting?
Get some of your guys together?Sure, yeah, I’ll just...By now, those wolves will be dead,and Laurent would have told her
I’m unprotected.Victoria.l should go to the station.Yeah, you should. You should go.Can you just stay in the house?Bella!You scared me.-What the hell are you doing?
-Back up. I’m coming up.Hey.Look, I’m sorry.-For what?
-l wish l could explain.But l literally can't.Have you ever had a secret
you couldn't tell anyone,one that wasn't yours to share?Well, that's what it's like for me.But worse.You have no idea how tight I’m bound.l hate this.l hate what they've done to you.l mean, the killer part is, you already know.Bella, do you remember
when we walked on the beach at La Push?The...The story. The story aboutthe cold ones.l guess l understand
why that's the only part you remember.There's gotta be something that you can do.No. I’m in it for life.Well, maybe we should just
get out of here for a while.Just leave,just you and me.You'd do that?l would do it for you.It’s not something
l can just run away from, Bella.But l would run away with youif l could.l gotta go.
They'll start wondering where l am.Come here.Please,try to remember.It'd be so much easierif you knew.I’ll try. But, Jake...Jake, what are you doing? Wait, Jake.Jake.Edward, I’m scared.You should be.Really, it's just like an old story.I’m not really supposed
to say anything about it.Did you know Quileutes
are supposedly descended from wolves?Bella?l need to see him.He's not in.-Okay, I’m sorry, l really need to see him.
-Bella!What did you do?-Okay, what did you do?
-Hey.-What did you do to him?
-Easy!He didn't want this.What did we do? What did he do?
What'd he tell you?-Both of you calm down.
-Nothing.He tells me nothing
because he's scared of you.-Too late now.
- Bella, get back!Paul, calm down, now!Bella!Run!Jake, run!Paul!Hey! Take Bella back to Emily's place.Guess the wolf's out of the bag.Alice, is it possible that everything
is true?The fairy tales and horror stories?Is it possible that there isn't anything
sane or normal at all?Hey, l think we should go back
and see if Jacob's okay.l hope Paul sinks some teeth in him.
Serves him right.No way. Jacob's a natural.You see him phase on the fly?
l got five says Paul doesn't touch him.Come on in, Bella. We won't bite.Speak for yourself.l done me wrongAnd done all wrongAll the wrong I’ve done
I’m sure I’ll live quite longOh, hey, about Emily, Sam's fiancée?
Don't stare. It bugs Sam.Why would l stare?Are you guys hungry? Like l have to ask.Who's this?Bella Swan. Who else?Hmm.So, you're the vampire girl.So, you're the wolf girl.Guess so.Well, I’m engaged to one.Save some for your brothers.
And ladies first. Muffin?Sure. Thanks.Leave it to Jacob to find a way
around Sam's gag order.He didn't say anything to me.That's a wolf thing.Alpha's orders get obeyed
whether we want them to or not.And check it out.
We can hear each other's thoughts.Would you shut up?
These are trade secrets. Damn it!This chick runs with vampires.You can't really run with vampires.'Cause they're fast.Yeah? Well, we're faster.Freaked out yet?You're not the first monsters I’ve met.Jake's right. You're good with weird.Hey.Sorry.So you're a werewolf?Yeah. Last time l checked.A few lucky members
of the tribe have the gene.A bloodsucker moves into town
and the fever sets in.Mono.Yeah. l wish.Well, can't you find a way to just stop?l mean, it's wrong.It’s not a lifestyle choice, Bella.l was born this way. l can't help it.You're such a hypocrite. What,
I’m not the right kind of monster for you?It’s not what you are.It’s what you do. They never hurt anybody.You've killed people, Jake.Bella, we're not killing anyone.Then who is?What we're trying
to protect you people from,the only thing we do kill,vampires.Wait, Jake, you can't.Don't worry.
We can't touch your little precious Cullensunless they violate the treaty.That's not what I’m saying.You can't kill vampires. They'll...They'll kill you.Really? We took out that leech
with the dreads easy enough.Laurent?And his red-headed girlfriend is next.Victoria's here?Was. We chased her all the way
to the Canadian border the other night.She keeps coming back.
We don't know what she's after.l do.Me.Don't worry. We've got this place covered.She won't get near you or Charlie.Look, you've got to be careful.She's fast. You don't know how fast she is.You know, your lack of confidence in us
is a little insulting.All right, I’d better go.You gotta go?Yeah.Got a vampire to kill.Alice, I’m all right.Until I’m alone.And lately, that's all the time.Jacob's gone. He's hunting Victoria.And Charlie's hunting Jacob.And you're gone.And so is Edward.And there's just nothing now.You got something, Harry?Nope. Nothing.But l realize where l have to go,what l have to do to see him again.A tear in my brainAllows the voices inThey wanna push you off the pathWith their frequency wiresAnd you can do no wrongIn my eyesYou can do no wrongIn my eyesA drunken salesmanYour hearing damageYour mind is restlessThey say you're getting betterBut you don't feel any betterYour speakers are blowingYour ears are wreckingYour hearing damageYou wish you felt betterYou can do no wrongIn my eyesDon't do this.You wanted me to be human.Watch me.Please.For me.You won't stay with me any other way.Bella, please.This constant noise all the timeEven though you're the only one l seeBreathe!Breathe!Come on, Bella, breathe!Bella? Bella, can you hear me?Jake?Come here.What the hell were you thinking?l just wanted to see something.Get her home!
I’m gonna go help out over at Harry's place.What happened at Harry's?Harry Clearwater had a heart attack.Charlie and my dad
are over at his place with his family.Is he okay?He's gone.Come on. I’ll get you something dry
and drive you home.1 08 degrees over here.God!My hands are freezing.It must be nice, never getting cold.It’s a wolf thing.It’s not.It’s a Jacob thing.You're just warm.You're like your own sun.This is better, now that you know about me.But...You saw what happened to Emily.Sam got angry.Lost it for a split second.Em was standing too close.He'll never be able to take that back.What if l got mad at you?Sometimes,l feel like I’m gonna disappear.Okay, not that you need meto tell you something like this,but l always will.
You're not gonna lose yourself.l wouldn't let that happen.How?I’ll tell you all the timehow special you are.Thank you. For everything.Wait.There's a vampire.How do you know?l can smell it. I’m getting you out of here.That's Carlisle's car.They're here.Bella, it's a trick! Stop!
You gotta come with me!They won't hurt me.lf a Cullen is back here,
this is their territory.Treaty says we can only defend
on our own lands.-l can't protect you here.
-Okay. That's okay. You don't have to.You're about to cross a line.Then don't draw one.Please?Alice?-Oh, my God! What are you...
-Bella!I’m sorry, l just,
l can't believe you're here. Is...Would you like to explain to me
how you're alive?What?l saw a vision of you. You jumped off a cliff.Why in the hell
would you try and kill yourself?l mean, what about Charlie?-What about...
-l didn't try to kill myself.I was cliff jumping.Recreationally.It was fun.l have never met anyone
more prone to life-threatening idiocy.Does...Did you tell him?No.He only calls in once every few months.He said he wants to be alone.Bella, what is that
God-awful wet dog smell?Um...That's probably me.Or it's Jacob.Jacob who?Jacob's kind of a werewolf.Bella!
Werewolves are not good company to keep.Speak for yourself.l had to see you were safe.l thought you couldn't protect me here.Guess l don't care.Well, I’m not gonna hurt her.No, you're just a harmless Cullen.I’m talking about the other bloodsucker
who tried to kill Bella because of you.Victoria?Yeah, Victoria's been around.l didn't see her.l didn't see you
get pulled out of the water, either.l can't see past you and your pack of mutts.Don't get me upset...-Hey, stop. Stop, stop, stop, stop.
-...or things are gonna get very ugly.I’ll give you a minute.Hey.You're not going anywhere.
You're gonna come back,-right?
-As soon as you put the dog out.Is he...Are there others?
How many Cullens are hereand how long are they staying?No.It’s just Alice.And she can stay as long as she'd like.Well, are the rest coming back?No.Not that l know of.Anything else?That's it.Well, if that's all,
then you'd better go run back to Sam.I’ve done it again.l keep breaking my promise.We don't have to do this to each other.Yes, we do.Bella...Swan residence.He's not here right now.He's arranging a funeral.Who was that?What?Always in the way.Who was that?Bella, step back.-Jake, who was that?
-Bella! Bella, it's Edward.He thinks you're dead.
Rosalie told him why l came here.Why would you...
Why didn't you let me speak to him?-He didn't ask for you.
-Bella.-l don't care!
-Bella. Bella! He's going to the Volturi.He wants to die, too.He left you, Bella.
He didn't want you anymore. Remember?No, I’m not gonna let him kill himself
out of guilt.What about your dad?I’m 1 8.
I’m legally free to go, and l left a note.Please, Bella,just stay here.For Charlie.Or for me.l have to go.I’m begging you.Please.Goodbye, Jacob.Okay.)So you've made up your minds.I’m afraid your particular giftsare too valuable to destroy.But if you're unhappy with your lot, join us.We would be delighted to utilize
your skills.Won't you consider staying with us?You know it will happen anyway.Not without cause.Such a waste.I’m guessing you didn't rent this car?l figured you wouldn't be opposed
to grand theft auto.Not today.What? What do you see?They refused him.-So?
-He's gonna make a scene.-Show himself to the humans.
-No! When?He's gonna wait until noon,
when the sun's at its highest.God, Alice, you got to hurry up.There's Volterra.-Why are they all in red?
-San Marco's Day festival.They're commemorating
the expulsion of vampires from the city.It’s the perfect setting.The Volturi will never let him get far enough
to reveal himself.We have five minutes.l know, Bella, just breathe.Alice!Bella, you're the only one
he can't see coming.lf l go, he'll read my thoughts.
He'll think I’m lying. He'll rush into it.-Where do l go?
-He'll be under the clock tower. Go!Don't!Heaven.You have to move.Open your eyes. Look at me. I’m alive.You have to move.Bella.-You're here.
-I’m here.You're alive.Yes.l needed to make you see me once.You had to know that l was alive,that you didn't have
to feel guilty about anything.l can let you go now.l never acted out of guilt.l just couldn't live in a world
where you don't exist.-But you said...
-l lied.l had to lie. But you believed me so easily.Because it doesn't make sense
for you to love me.l mean, I’m nothing. I’m human. I’m nothing.Bella, you're everything to me.You're everything.l won't be needing your services after all,
gentlemen.Aro wants to speak with you again.No rules were broken.Nonetheless, we should take this
conversation to a more appropriate venue.Fine.Bella, why don't you go
and enjoy the rest of the festival?The girl comes with us.No. You can go to hell.Come on, guys.It’s a festival.
You wouldn't want to make a scene.We wouldn't.Enough.Jane.Aro sent me to see what was taking so long.Just do as she says.Go ahead.Don't be scared.Are you?No.-Is she human?
-Yes.Does she know?Yes.Then, why would...She wants to be.And so she will be.Or dessert.Sister. They send you out to get one
and you bring back two.And a half.Such a clever girl.What a happy surprise!Bella is alive after all.Isn't that wonderful?l love a happy ending.Ah.They are so rare.Her blood appeals to you so muchit makes me thirsty.How can you stand to be so close to her?-It’s not without difficulty.
-Yes, l can see that.)Aro can read every thought
I’ve ever had with one touch.And now you know everything.So get on with it.You are quite a soul reader yourself,
Edward.Though you can't read Bella's thoughts.Fascinating.l would love to see
if you are an exception to my gifts, as well.Would you do me the honor?Interesting.Hmm.l see nothing.l wonder if...Let us see if she's immune
to all our powers.Shall we, Jane?-No!
-Pain.Stop!Stop! Please! Stop!Stop! Just stop hurting him!
Please! Please!Jane?Master?Go ahead, my dear.This may hurt just a little.Remarkable!She confounds us all.So what do we do with you now?You already know
what you're going to do, Aro.She knows too much.She's a liability.Hmm.That's true.Felix?No!Please! No! No! Please, please!Kill me! Kill me! Not him.How extraordinary.You would give up your life
for someone like us.A vampire.A soulless monster.Just get away from her!You don't know a thing about his soul.This is a sadness.lf only it were your intention
to give her immortality.Wait!Bella will be one of us.I’ve seen it.I’ll change her myself.Mesmerizing.To see what you have seen
before it has happened.Your gifts will make for an intriguingimmortal,Isabella.Go now.Make your preparations.Let us be done with this.Heidi will arrive any moment.Thank you for your visit.We will return the favor.l would advise that you follow through
on your promise soon.We do not offer second chances.Goodbye, my young friends.Nice fishing, Heidi.Yes, they do look rather juicy.Save some for me.This way, please. Stay together.Stop! Stop!You're here.You can sleep.I’ll still be here when you wake up.Bella, the only reason l leftwas because l thought
l was protecting you.l needed youto have a chance at a normal, happy life.It was so easy for you to leave.Leaving you was the hardest thing
I’ve done in 1 00 years.And l swear,l will never fail you again.I’m so sorry.-Charlie's coming.
-Hey.You okay?I’m fine.Dad, you don't have to worry.You know, last time you said that,
you took off.l didn't see you for three days.I’m really sorry, Dad.Bella, do not ever do that to me again.Ever.And you're groundedfor the rest of your life.Okay.I’m not technically
breaking any of his rules.He did say
l couldn't take a step inside the door.l came in through the window.He's not gonna forgive me easily.l know.Can you?l hope you can,'cause l honestly don't know
how to live without you.Come here.Once Alice changes me,you can't get rid of me.She won't need to change you.There are always ways
to keep the Volturi in the dark.No. No.You all know what l want.And l know how much I’m asking for.The only thing that l can think of
for it to be fair is to just vote.-You don't know what you're talking about.
-Shut up.Alice?l already consider you my sister.-Yes.
-Thank you.l vote "yes."It would be nice to not
want to kill you all the time.Hmm.I’m sorry.I’m really sorry to both of you
for how I've acted,and I’m really grateful
that you were brave enoughto go and save my brother.But this isn't a life
l would have chosen for myself.And l wish that there'd been someone
to vote "no" for me.So, no.I vote "Hell, yeah."And we can pick a fight
with these Volturi some other way.I already consider you a part of the family.Yes.Why are you doing this to me?You know what this means.You've chosen not to live without her,
which leaves me no choice.I won't lose my son.I’ll wait until after graduation
to make it easier on Charlie.Edward, I want you to be the one to do it.He wants to talk to me.So you're still alive for now.He thinks it's me keeping
you away.You stay the hell out of my head.Jacob, I know you have something
to say to me.But l want to say something to you first,
if that's all right.Thank you.Thank you for keeping Bella alive
when I didn't.No. You didn't.And it wasn't for your benefit, trust me.I’m still grateful.But I’m here now.I’m not gonna leave her side
until she orders me away.We'll see.Hey, my turn to talk.I’m here to remind you
about a key point in the treaty.I haven't forgotten.What key point?lf any of them bites a human,the truce is over.But if I choose it,
it has nothing to do with you.No. No, I won't let you.You're not gonna be one of them, Bella.It’s not up to you.You know what we'll do to you.
I won't have a choice.Bella, please, come.Wait.Is he gonna hurt me? Read his mind.Jake,I love you.So, please,don't make me choose,'cause it'll be him.It’s always been him.Bella...-Goodbye, Jacob.
-No, you don't speak for her!Bella, get out of here.Stop!Stop!You can't hurt each other
without hurting me.Jake.He's right.You shouldn't become what l am.I can't do this alone.Then, please, just wait.Just give me five years.That's too long.Then three?You're so stubborn.What are you waiting for?l have one conditionif you want me to do it myself.What's the condition?And then forever.That's what I’m asking.Marry me, Bella.White demon love song down the hallWhite demon shadow on the roadBack up your mind, there is a callHe isn't coming after allLove this timeShe likes the way he singsWhite demon love song's in her dreamsWhite demon, where's your selfish kiss?White demon sorrow will arrangeLet's not forget about the fearBlack invitation to this place
that cannot changeWhile strangely holyCome for a rainWhite demon, widen your heart's scopeWhite demon, who let your friend go?White demon, widen your heart's scopeWhite demon, who let your friend go?-Let us be in love
-Let us be in love-Let's do old and gray
-Let's do old and gray-I won't make you cry
-I won't make you cry-I will never stray
-I will never stray-I will do my part
-I will do my partLet us be in love tonightWhite demon, widen your heart's scopeWhite demon, who let your friend go?White demon, widen your heart's scopeWhite demon, who let your friend go?Stand it anymore, darlingStand itMeet me on the equinoxMeet me halfwayWhen the sun is perched at its highest peakIn the middle of the dayLet me give my love to youLet me take your handAs we walk in the dimming lightOh, darling, understandThat everything, everything endsMeet me on your best behaviorMeet me at your worstFor there will be no stone unturnedOr bubble left to burstLet me lay beside you, darlingLet me be your manAnd let our bodies intertwineBut always understandThat everything, everything endsThat everything, everything, everything endsA windowAn opened tombThe sun crawlsAcross your bedroomA haloA waiting roomYour last breathsMoving through youAs everything, everything endsAs everything, everything, everythingEverything, everything, everything endsMeet me on the equinoxMeet me halfwayWhen the sun is perched at its highest peakIn the middle of the dayLet me give my love to youLet me take your handAnd as we walk in the dimming lightOh, darling, understandThat everything, everything ends