<font color=fuchsia size=20>
<i>Movie & Subtitles Conformed By</i> :
<u><i>Sandip Bhetariya</i></u>
[ <u><i>bhetariyasandip@gmail.com</i></u> ]
'' <i>Hope You'll Like & Enjoy The Movie</i> !!! ''</font>Richard, don't go out too far.Em's a fraidy cat!Richard! Emmeline!Come back here this minute!And be careful.What's gotten into you, Richard?Bad enough to endanger yourself,
but to encourage Emmeline!l'm sorry, Father.l know you want to have fun.l'm trying to get us
to San Francisco in one piece.- Will Mommy be coming to San ''Forisco''?
- l don't believe so.l told you. Once they go to heaven,
they don't come back.lsn't that right, Uncle Arthur?
My mommy and daddy haven't come back.Because God wants them to stay,
do His work.And wait for the day when you will take
the long voyage to see them.When will that be?When you've lived a full life
and experienced all it has to offer.Look!- Father, what are they called?
- Sharks.l wish l had a hook. l'd pull him aboard
and the cook would fry him for dinner.Captain, do you know
there's a fog bank coming in?l am aware of that fact, sir.l overheard that those storms rounding
the cape pushed us west of our course.That's right, sir.Last night's celestial
puts us about here.What are you looking at?They don't have any clothes on !What the hell are you two doing here?
l'll teach you, bucko!Come here.Don't you hurt him!You want a hiding, too?Fire!Fire?
Did somebody say fire?Man the pumps!Button, take the children and Lestrange.
Row them away from the ship.Aye. Come on.Come on. Mr. Lestrange?l saw them load blasting powder
in that hold.Run for your life.
Keep moving.Come on.Now, up you go.- Come on.
- Uncle Arthur!Richard! Emmeline!- This way.
- The children!They've taken their leave.
Follow me.There's no more room.Lower away!Abandon ship!What's happening?
l can't see.- What was that?
- The gin. Cover your faces.Richard!Emmeline!Uncle Arthur!- There they are!
- Where?Captain, over here.Hello! Hello!Father!Don't go shouting both at once!
l won't know which way to steer.Longboat ahoy, where are you?Hello!Father!Gone.Lord help us.What's this?Where's Father?What's your name?Paddy Button. Now belay your questions.
Can't you see l'm busy?Damn it! No food or water.That's Chopin.
l can play it on the piano.- Mr. Button, can l ask you a question?
- Yeah.Are you a pirate?l'm thirsty.Me, too.Listen. You'll hear it hiss
when it touches the water.- You hear it?
- I think so.l don't hear anything.Listen harder.
Must be fairly boiling by now.- There. Do you hear it?
- l hear it. Don't you hear it now?l think so.
Yes, l hear it!l smell flowers.Flowers?Mr. Button, Richard, look!lt's land!
Land ho!We're saved.
l would never have believed it.Where are we?Nirvana! That's where we are.No more, ''Yes, sir. No, sir.''
for Paddy Button.No more breaking me back
over a stinking stove.Will Father be coming
to fetch us?Let's look around.Listen.Come on.l knew it!lt's lovely.Water, water.Ho, down there.
Look out below.Bananas!Mr. Button,
there's a barrel...with funny stuff in it that smells
like the captain's breath.Captain's breath?It's rum.Sweet Jesus!Look what a funny thing l found.
lt's got holes in it.Give me that.Where did you get it?- We gotta get outta here.
- There's a bunch up there.Come on. Let's get out of here.Hurry it up, will you?l don't see Father's boat.No, not yet.
Maybe he'll be along later.Maybe not.Take them things out of your mouth !
Open your mouth!Take them out of your mouth!
Spit them out!Don't cry.
l ain't mad at you.lf you eat them, you'll go to sleep.
You'll never wake up.They're ''never-wake-up'' berries.Just leave them berries alone.
Come on.We had a cat once
that went to sleep and never woke up.Uncle Arthur said
she was ''dud and berried.''Mr. Button, do you think
she ate some of those berries?Oh, maybe.What's it really mean,
''dud and berried''?They put you in the ground
and cover you up.You're dead and buried.
Do you see?Like Mrs. Jones' baby.
Remember, Em?The doctor dug it out
of the cabbage patch.- Cabbage patch?
- That's right.But he took it back
and planted it again.So it could grow
and turn into an angel.l dug our cabbage patch all up...but there weren't any babies
or any angels.Only worms.What's in them pictures?lt's a story about these funny people
who get married.There's a saying
under each one.Give us a look.- Were you ever married?
- Seven times.Kids in every port
from Callao to Macao.Seventeen at the last count.
Never set eyes on a single one of them.Slant-eyed little devils...black little devils...even a couple
of pink ones like you.And all with my eyes.Paddy, what's subjugation?Something l've been trying
to avoid all me life.Come back.
This ain't gonna hurt ya!We don't want to go swimming.
We don't have our bathing costumes.To hell with your bathing costumes.
Do you wear them when you have a bath?This isn't a bathtub.
This is the ocean.Whenever you see a ship, run down quick
and light the signal fire. Hear me?Pull 'em tight.
There's your knot. Do it.There you are.
Put it there, shipmate.Where'd you find that?l didn't find it.
l made it with the knot you taught me.You made it? Well !Pity it's not a bit bigger.- Let's go swimming.
- Yeah.Come back and put
your trousers on.l don't want to wear
my old britches.lt ain't proper to be
running around naked all the time.Alone at last.Richard. Emmeline.l want you both
to promise me something.l want you to promise me you will never
go over to the other side of the island.Why, Paddy?Why? Because l tell you.
That's why!There's nasty things
go on over there.There's vile, evil,
sinister things.- Like what?
- Yes, Mr. Button. Like what?For a start, that's where
the boogyman lives.The boogyman?That's right!Know what happens when the boogyman
gets his hands on little people?Hmm?He just eats them.
He pops them in his mouth like candy.He chews them up
and swallows them, bones and all.You know what law is?Good. From now on,
that's the law. See?No one goes over
to the other side.You look funny.Children, where are you?Ha-ha, look at me.Ha-ha, look at me.You're silly when you drink
out of that barrel.Hush. This is a serious dance.Sing the one about
the hootchie-cootchie girls.Come on. Are you ready?Have you seen the way they shake it
Have you seen the way they swayThere ain't a man among us
could throw that dish awayHeyI've been to London
l've been to FranceI swear by the buttons upon my pantsl never saw a woman danceLike the hootchie-cootchie girls
of old BombayWhere's Paddy?He's gone.There he is. He must've swum
over there and gone to sleep.Come on.What are you doing that for?l'm going to put it
on Mr. Button's head...so when you say boo,
he'll jump up with it on.Paddy, wake up.
lt's us.Wake up, wake up!Don't worry, Em,
we'll be all right.Take me away from this place.Look!This looks like a good place
to stay for a while.- Em, wake up. lt's Christmas morning.
- Christmas?Yesterday l counted 52 big marks
on the tree and last night he came.- What are you talking about?
- Santa Claus. And l saw his reindeers.Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, all of them.
Let's see if he brought us anything.Come on, Em, hurry!That's where
the reindeer were. See?Look at our stockings!There's something in them!Oh, look.- Just what l always wanted.
- What are they?What do they look like?
They're marbles.These are your jaspers,
and these are your peewees.You did it all.
But--Fooled you, didn't l?Oh, you!Why are we always fighting?l don't know.That should be our New Year's
''revolution.'' Stop fighting so much.- l'll try, but--
- But what?l don't know what's wrong with me
when l say the things l say.l just keep on having
all these strange thoughts.What kind of thoughts?Just thoughts.
Funny thoughts about you and me.Tell me.l couldn't.They're just thoughts.
They don't mean anything.- Where did you find these?
- l found them in those little shells.They're beautiful.
Thank you.Oh, come all ye faithfulOh, little town of BethlehemDashing through the snow
in a one-horse open sleighAll the--Richard!Help!Help, Richard, help!What's wrong?- You're bleeding.
- Don't! l'm all right.But you're bleeding.Go away!
Don't look at me!Go away!
Just go away!What was it, Em?
Why were you bleeding like that?- l don't know.
- Liar!lt's true.
l don't know.People don't bleed like that
unless they've cut themselves.Maybe you're hurt real bad
and you don't know it.- Let me look.
- No! l don't want you to look.- But why?
- Just because.That is not fair!I don't keep any secrets from you.
l tell you everything.Everything!What are you looking at?Your muscles.What about them?You're acting silly lately.
Always saying dumb things.Always looking at me funny.
Are you coming down with something?Well, don't give it to me.Tell me again.
Where is your mother and father?ln heaven.But where's heaven?You know, up there.
Your father might be there too.No, he's not. He's coming on a ship
someday to take us home.Do you hear it?No. Do you ever hear it?Sometimes l think l do.l think Paddy was a liar.He told us there was a pot of gold
at the end of every rainbow...and that was a lie.He told us if we dug far enough
we'd reach China.And Santa Claus never came.Do you ever think about him?l do.l know you don't like
to talk about it...but don't you ever wonder
what really happened?l don't want to know
what happened.l do.There's so many things
l don't understand.Why do fish stop swimming and lie
on top of the pools after a heavy rain?Why do you hear the waves
inside the big shells?Why are all these funny hairs
growing on me?l wish a big book with all the answers
to every question in the world...would drop out of the sky
and land in my hand right now.l'd read it
till l knew everything.You can't know everything.Only God knows everything.God. He can't find us
any better than Santa Claus.l wonder what fish think about.What are you doing?Trying to cheer you up.
Come on, laugh.lt's not gonna work.There it is again.Think it's the boogyman?Maybe it's another person.Or he would have come over
to meet us and say hello.That's the proper thing to do.What if he wants to hurt us?Then l'll spear him.Look! l'm the greatest fisherman
who ever lived.l'm the greatest. You scare them off.
l catch as many as l want to.That's my fish dance!
lt doesn't scare them off.lt brings them to the surface where
l spear them. Who cares what you say?lt's not how many you catch that counts.
lt's how you do it.Stop that!Please play something else.Why do you do that
when you know it makes me angry?''lt doesn't scare 'em away. lt brings
'em to the top where l can spear 'em.''l'll spear you !Here l am!Come back or l'll pull your britches
down and take a switch to you.Don't you dare try to spank me.
l mean it.l'll put the never-wake-up berries
in your food. l mean it.Say ''Richard is the smartest person
on this island.'' Say it.Stop it. l'm getting angry.- Get off!
- Say it.Richard is the smartest person
on this island.- The fastest swimmer.
- The fastest swimmer.- And the fastest runner.
- The fastest runner.- And the best hut builder.
- You're the best everything. Get off!lt's true.You wait, Richard Lestrange.
You'll never know when it will happen.Just one little bite
and you'll never wake up again.Have you seen the way they shake it
Have you seen the way they swayThere ain't a man among us
that could throw the dish awayRichard!- Richard.
- What is it?- l saw him.
- Who?- The face Paddy thought was a boogyman.
- You went to the other side?Paddy was wrong. He's not the boogyman.
l think he's God!He looks like Pastor Logan said.Like you better be good or else.
And he was bleeding.- l don't believe you.
- Just like Jesus.Don't go there again.
lt's the law!What if He is God?
Shouldn't we go and pray?Won't He be mad
and not let us go to heaven?l just don't want
to talk about it.- What is it?
- Richard?l'm here.You ate the dud-and-berries--l'm fine.
You had a bad dream.Don't ever leave me.
Promise you'll always be with me.l promise.Don't!What are you doing, Richard?Go away!Where're you going?Wait! What's the matter?- What are you doing?
- What do you want?Why won't you talk to me?Just leave me alone!There's a ship!Emmeline!A ship, Emmeline!A ship! A ship!The signal fire.
You didn't light it.Why didn't you light it?You know leaving's the most
important's thing in the world to me.l know.First you cry for help,
then you throw sticks at me.A ship comes.First ship we've seen since
we've been here, and you let it go by.Just let it go by.
That's it! l've had it!l'm sick and tired of waiting
for you to get better.l'm going to San Forisco without you.You're never going to build a boat
strong enough to get to San Forisco.That's the fourth time.
They've all sunk like a stone.Just shut up!Why don't you give up? You don't
even know where San Forisco is.You're such a silly dodo.
We're never getting off this island.Thanks to you.This is where we live.
This is our home, now and forever.No! l could never live here forever
with just you. l don't even like you.You never used to laugh at me,
you never had secrets you wouldn't tell.You're not so perfect either.
l've seen you playing with it.And l'll tell your father,
if he ever gets here.You! l hate you !- You almost hit me!
- Take back what you said!l've seen it all. What happens after
you've been doing it a long time?Shut up! That isn't fair.- l don't peek on you.
- That's a lie. You stare at my buppies.Only because they look so funny.
You know what you look like?You look like one of those pictures
Paddy had in his drawer.- One of his hootchie-cootchie girls.
- l do not!Stop that or l'll never
talk to you again.Hootchie-cootchie.
See 'em jiggle, wiggle and shake.Richard, l'm sorry.
l didn't mean to hit you.l wish you were dud and berried.What are you doing?What are you doing?lt's my hut. l built it.l helped you.l did most of it. You can go find
some other place to live.l said l was sorry.
What more do you want me to say?l don't want you to say anything!l never want to see you again.You just wait, Richard Lestrange.
l'll get you for this.What's wrong with you?Go away.What happened?l stepped on one of those fish
that looks like a rock.Don't go to sleep. Please.Please wake up.God.Take me to God.But the law?God, please don't make Em
never wake up.l didn't mean it when l said
l wanted her dud and berried.l forgot most of my prayers, God.But...Our Father...who art in heaven...kingdom come...with liberty and justice
for all.Amen.Em, are you all right?Em, l've been so worried.- You're not mad at me anymore?
- Of course not.l was so scared.All l could think of was...what if l lost my Em?What would l do?Here's some food
to help you get your strength back.Do you see that island out there?Yes.l've been thinking. Maybe the person
who makes the drum noise...lives there
and then comes here to pray.Maybe.Would you like to try to walk?You all right?Yes.- Kiss me.
- You're all sticky.So what? Kiss me.- Stop! l can't breathe.
- But l don't want to stop.What are you doing?Stop it.lt feels funny in my stomach.Me, too.My heart's beating so fast.Mine, too.Will you stop eating?
You're getting fat.Come up and keep me warm?Where's Em, Coco?l'm sorry, Richard.You didn't want to
all day yesterday, either.What's the matter?
Don't you love me anymore?Yes, l love you
more than ever, Richard.Then why don't you want to do it?lt just hurts right now.
That's all.When it stops hurting,
we'll do it.When is that gonna be?l don't understand.
Why does it hurt?l don't know.l don't know anything.But if you touch my tummy right now,
you can feel it.Feel what?How'd you make
your tummy move like that?l'm not doing it.lt's not doing it by itself.Yes, it is.There! l felt it again !What's making it do that, Em?l don't know.Em! Em, where are you?Emmeline!Emmeline, where are you?Richard!Em, what's wrong?
Did they hurt you?They?What is it?
Tell me what to do.What is it?
Answer me!- Why did you have a baby?
- l don't know.Hello, baby.Look. l think he's hungry.What do we feed him?Try some fruit.Here you go.Look.Good. Fruit.lt doesn't like it.
Here. Let me try this.What do l do?Why are you doing that?The drum people.- l saw them.
- When?The night he came.What did they look like?l don't want to talk about it.
Paddy was right.We should have never gone to
the other side, never broken the law!- Do they know we're here?
- l don't think so.lf they ever come here,
l'll do to them what l do to the fish!l'll stick it through their eyes, their
bellies and watch their guts come out!Remember on the ship
when we tried to get to the dinghy?How the men pushed
and shoved each other?How their eyes looked?lt's the same
with the drum people.l don't understand why.Why do people have to be
so bad to each other?- Come here! Hurry!
- l'm busy keeping watch.You've got to see this.You taught him to swim.Attaboy.Water. Water.Look at the fishies.Get the boat.Get on.Go for a ride.
Gonna give Paddy a ride.Look at the bird.
Look, Paddy.See some fishies?
What do you see?Do you see a ship?Can you do this?Richard!He said my name.Look, Paddy,
we're making footprints.Like Boston in the winter.Remember the snowball fights we had?
Let's pretend it's snow.See, it's freezing.Ooh, it's cold.Hey, the boogyman!Bring him up for a look-see, or he'll
hear about it from one of the crew...and we'lI have to sail back
tomorrow.Excuse me, sir.We sighted something.There.What do you think?Can we go closer?l'll see. But we've got
to be careful of that reef.Look at that face.Boat.No, that couldn't be them.Do you know how to get to the
other place where we lived with Paddy?Sure. l go there for bananas.Take me there?- l thought you were afraid.
- l want to see it again.ln you go.You coming?Richard!Shark!l have to get the oars.Help me, Em.
We're drifting.Go away! Go away!Look how far out we are.l can't stop this.Paddy, look.When it hits the water,
you can hear it hiss. Look. See?Hear it?l'm thirsty.
lf only we had some water.Fishies.No, Paddy!- Where did you get those?
- Get those out of your mouth.What are you doing?
Get those out of your mouth!He swallowed some.Oh, come here.Don't close your eyes, Paddy.
Please don't go to sleep.Richard.Please.Three points to port, sir.
Looks to be a small craft.See anyone in it?l can't make it out.Captain, three points to port.Are they dead?No, sir. They're asleep.<font color=yellow size=20>
<i>Movie & Subtitles Presented By</i> :
<u><i>Sandip Bhetariya</i></u>
[ <u><i>bhetariyasandip@gmail.com</i></u> ]
'' <i>Hope You've Liked & Enjoyed The Movie</i> !!! ''</font>