Radio host: Hope everybody's
ready to go outand have a good time
tonight.It's 8 P.M.,
Saturday evening,and it's still a hot one.Officer:
Detail, atten-hut!Present arms!Man on radio: Com 2,
this is 5-0. We confirm.Guard: I.D., please.First sergeant white,
please proceed.I believe I will.Thank you kindly.Officer: Atten-hut!Mc: And now I give you
a great general,a great friend..."Fighting" Joe Campbell!At ease!Thank you, all.As you know,my official retirement
isn't until next week.But this here, now,tonight with youis my real retirement.Because you and i
have known fear together,shed blood together,battled pain
and sufferingand all of
their foot soldiers.We know there is no glamour
in a sudden deathand that no one
ever wins a war,and it is that knowledgethat will bind us together
forever.That, and a love
for this countrythat no bayonet can Pierce,no bullet shatter.To you.All: To us!Sergeant white here.It's colonel Kent,
brenner,so you can drop
the cheesy Southern accent.Hey!The only thing
keeping me aliveis that cheesy
Southern accent.I was just checking up
on my favorite guest detective.How you doing?Oh, well,
you know, bill,I just love
being undercover.It's great.I spent the last 2 weeks
smoking cheap cigarsand sweatin' my ass off
in that shitty houseboat.Well, you got any sort
of time frame?Yeah. I'm meeting belling
tonight in the armory,and then I'll
arrest him on Sundaywhen we make
the exchange.Then I'm going back
to Virginia.All right, well, good enough.
Watch your back.Thank you. I believe I will.Aww, man.Oww!Out of gas?Yeah.That's why I'm looking
at a flat tirewith a pair of pliers
in my handinstead of a lug wrench.Uhh.Uh-oh. She's a captain.Uh-oh. She's a captain.This looks like the work
of 10 chimpanzees.Well, you just missed
the other 9.They got bored
and went for a beer.Hmm. Well,
i have a lug wrench.Can I try?Well, if you don't,
I'm gonna drag you over.Get the spare.Yes, ma'am.Golly dang.If you like piña coladasand gettin' caught
in the rain,I may just have to
marry you, captain.You're gonna have to
take this in.This spare's
just a temp tire.Won't be good for more
than 30 miles or so.Now, where would,
if a fella got courageousand wanted to send you
a "thank you" notionor a bauble
or a basket of fruit,where might one find you?Psy ops.How's that?Psychological
operations.I teach there.What do you teach?Mostly we fuck
with people's minds.Damn.Brenner: There you go.Genuine and made in the usa.All you gotta do is give
dalbert and me 100,000 eachand you'll see them guns
come Sunday.Belling:
You'll get your moneysame time
i get the guns.Now, you listen to me,
funny boy,how do I know you ain't
one of them... them army cops?Hey,
I'm a freedom fighter.Well, check it out,
dalbert.We-doggie!We got ourselves
che fucking Guevara there.Whoop-de-doo,
a freedom fighter.Well, where's your
kooky red hat, boy?Ain't never been
a freedom fighter worth a gobain't got him
a kooky red hat.You listen to me,
stupid.Dalbert,I think it's one of them,
uh, freudian, uh...Uhh!What? No.Aah!Hey, dalbert.
Dalbert.What?Want to hear a joke?No.How many freedom fightersdoes it take to screw in
a light bulb?I don't know!Hey, come on, man.
Relax, huh?Well, he don't sound like no
criminal investigator to me.No.
No.No.Well,
you're all right, pal!I'm sorry about all that,
but, you know,we get a little jumpy
around here before an exchange.So we'll see you Sunday,
then.I'll be there.Yeah, you be there.
All right.Oh, unclench your
ass cheeks, dalbert.The scary part is over.Oh, don't tell me...
You need your oil changed.Nope. This is a token
of my appreciation.These are
strange chocolates.They're bath products.Bath products.Bath products?Mm-hmm.Should I take a hint?No, of course not.Just bath products.Everybody likes
bath products.Do you?Yes, I do.Really? Tell me what you
like about bath products.Well, I...I like the pink soaps,and I like
the skin softener,and I like
the bath beads.I particularly
like the bath beads.Sometimes I draw a tub,and I fill that tubwith skin softeners
and bath beads,and I light
a few candles,I put on
a little Coltrane,and I just soak
my troubles away.Very good,
first sergeant.I levied a none-too-subtle
accusation of sexism at you,and you took it 3 times
around the dance floor.Not really.I just dig bath beads.Well, thank you.Maybe I'll see you around.Am I being dismissed?Do you mind terribly?
I've got a ton of work here.No.I just, uh, came by
to give you that.Thank you.
It was sweet.How's the tire?Still rollin'. Yeah.I'm glad.Good-bye,
first sergeant.Good-bye, captain.Anchorwoman on TV:
Having announced his retirement,general Joseph Campbellis being considered
for the vice presidency.Sources close to presidential
candidate bill posttell us he is poised to select
general Joseph Campbellas his running mate.Earlier this year,the general gave
the commencement addressat west point.While it was meant to be
a nonpartisan appearance,it certainly played
like a stump speech.Campbell on TV:
Leading this country...That is your destiny.Anchorwoman: We'll be back
for more in a moment.Shit!Aah!Soldier:
Pretty good.Get way over
to that car, ok?Ok.And take it
into the door.Ok. Backing out.Snag.On what?I don't know.Let's take a look.Deputy:
Paul brenner!Phone call
for Paul brenner!What'd you say
your name is?Frank white.You military?Yes, sir, I am.I'm a sergeant
at the post armory.Deputy:
Cid agent brenner?And he walked out,
and the next thing I know,you know,
he's blasting away.Oh, you military boys
got storiesmore full of holes
than a target range.Sorry, pop.It's colonel Kent
at the base.Is there
a brenner here?No.I'm brenner.I thought you was white.I'm both.
Skunked ya.Chief yardley.Hey, bill.No, man, it's over.
Belling's dead.Ok. All right,
I'll see you there.Thanks.Yardley: Hold on,
soldier boy.I want you to tell me
about this Mr. belling.Soldier boy?Ok, chiefie,
if you have to know.I was planning to arrest him
in the morningduring weapons exchange.But I guess he got wind
that I was partof the criminal
investigation division.See ya.Good morning, sir.
Where to?Urban warfare site.You have business there,
sir?Yes, I do.Very good, sir.Hey, bill.Hello, Paul.What have we got here?Kent: Tortured...Raped...And murdered.Mm-hmm.Who found the body?A bomb squad crew
doing exercises.They called the tower,
tower called me.First on the scene
was a pfc Robbins.Mm-hmm.
Is he a suspect?She.
So I sincerely doubt it.Mm-hmm.I have 6 of my boys
securing the scene.Nothing's been touched.Oh, no.Kent: What is it, Paul?I... I met her
the oth... the other day.Damn.What a shame.Lovely, lovely lady.All right, let's see.
We got, um...We got some rigor here.Patechial hemorrhaging,which is consistent
with asphyxia.Strangulation,
you think?Well, I'm assuming that,but there's no tear
in the panties and...No obvious sign of semen.Is that hers?Yeah.Why is she here?Oh, h.Q. Called her.She's a rape counselor.
Name is Sarah sunhill.The victim doesn't
need counseling, bill.She's dead.Yes, but she's also
a rape investigator.She was on her way
to another assignment,and she agreed
to stay on for this.Aren't we lucky?Get forensics up here
from fort gillum.Talk to Cal seiver.
He's the guy I work with.Get a 50-yard grid
around the bodyand make resin casts
of all the boot prints.Let's see who was
here and when,including disqualifying prints
of you and yours.We also need records.Captain Campbell's personal
and medical records. Asap.I already did that.Thank you.You're welcome.Uh, Sarah sunhill,
Paul bren...Also, I want you to book
a sergeant dalbert elkinsat the armory.He's the one who started
that arms dealI was working on.Now...She walked barefoot
from here to where she died.Kent: Why do you
assume that?The smudge marks
on her heels and asphalt.Now, where does she live?
Victory gardens.Now, where is that?I believe
that's off post.Yeah, well,
i have to go there.I'll call the burfort
police chief.He'll get a court order
and meet us out there.No. That's yardley.
I don't want to work with him.Let's keep it
in the family, ok?Now, you can't
search her off-post housewithout getting
a civilian search warrant.Oh, come on, bill.You need
civilian authority.Sometimes we got to
protect Paul brennerfrom himself.Does she have
family here?Of course.I suggest you notify them
right away.Officer:
Detail, atten-hut!Present arms!You're, uh,
you're kidding, right?Kidding about what?It's Elisabeth Campbell,
Paul.She's his kid.Oh, no.Thought you knew.No, I didn't.Damn.The general's daughter.Yup.What are you doing?I feel queasy.Well, hop on,
I'll burp you.Drive the car, Paul.Thought you said
you were queasy.Drive the car, Paul.Sunhill: Now, look,I think I can help you
on this one,but I don't want it
to be awkward.Awkward? Now, why would you
think it would be awkward?You're pouting.This is not pouting.Ok.Sulky petulance, then.Wrong again.
This is just, uh...Thinking about Brussels,
you know?We'll always have Brussels.Where?The capital of Belgium.Why?Why is it the capital,
or why will we always have it?Why was she murdered?Well, possible motives
for murderare profit, revenge,
jealousy,to conceal a crime, to avoid
humiliation and disgrace,or plain old homicidal mania.
Right there in the manual.Ooh, boy.Yup.Brenner: Hello. We're here
to see the general.Warrant officer
Paul brenner.Sarah sunhill.Oh, yes.I'm captain elby,
the general's aide.Colonel Fowler,
the general's adjutant,will take you in.Please wait right here.He's cute.Oh, please.Probably practices
his salute in the mirrorfor hour...Please, come in.And thank you
for coming.General, the cid
investigators are here.Warrant officers
Paul brennerand Sarah sunhill, sir.My deepest condolences,
sir.Brenner: Very sorry
for your loss, sir.Thank you.Please, be seated.First,
i want you to knowthat you have
my full cooperationand the cooperation
of everyone on this base.Thank you, sir.You understand
the time element?The time element?
No, sir.After 36 hours, the FBI
will send in a task forceto investigate,but we prefer to keep this
an army matter.The general can keep a lid
on it through tomorrow.Once the FBI moves in,the media will be
all over this base.And my daughter's...Captain Campbell's death...They'll turn it
into a goddamn circus.We'll do everything
we can, sir.I'm sure you will.Look, let me be blunt.You're going to have to
decide on this one, Paul...Are you a soldier
or a policeman?I'm a soldier, sir.I'm counting on it.Sir,
i met your daughter.Really?When was that?Well, it was just
a coincidence,but, uh, she helped me
change a tire.That she could do.She could do
almost anything.Her mother
was the same way.Fix a tire, make a hell
of a key lime pie,speak 5 languages.Extraordinary woman.2 extraordinary women.Goddamn waste.Again, our deepest
sympathies, sir.And if there's
anything elsewe can do for you
at this time...Just...Just find
the son of a bitch.Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.Sir?When I enlisted,
i was underage.They... they sent me
straight to Vietnam,and you were
my commander.You were a captain,and I... I was so scared.And one day
when I was on watch,you came by and...And... and you saw
the fear. You...You said, um, "well,
where are you from?"And I said, "Boston."And you said, "did you
know that last night"the Boston Red Sox won"against
the St. Louis cardinalsin the sixth game
of the series?"And you just
walked away.Well, I knew...
I knew then that, uh...I was gonna
get through it.Boston lost that series.Yes, but I made it home.We'll find the son
of a bitch, sir.Mr. brenner.I understand you have
special arrest powers.Yes, sir.But I'm going to askbefore you
arrest anyone,you notify me.Why is that, sir?We don't like
our personnelbeing arrested
by outside peoplewithout
our knowing about it.There are 3 ways
of doing things...The right way,
the wrong way,and the army way.See that in doing it
your way, Mr. brenner,you don't forget
about the army way.Our job here at psy ops
is to panic the enemy,to blunt
his will to fight.A psy operator must know
the customs and habitsof the enemy,the current dissensions,
anxieties, and fearsto determine
vulnerability.To engage the enemy,
you must know the enemyinside out.You must fill him
with fear,and not just fear of dying.Fear of grotesque wounds
is much more terrifying.Ugh.
Grotesque wounds.I'll show you mine
if you show me yours.May I help you?Might I ask what you're doing
in captain Campbell's office?That depends
on who you are.So comfortably ensconced
in her office, I might add.Colonel Robert Moore.Captain Campbell's
commanding officerhere at psy ops.
And you are?We're from the criminal
investigation division.Warrant officers sunhill
and brenner.And you're investigating?The murder
of captain Campbell.And now that
we know who you are,we'll need to
speak to you, colonel.Of course.I just have, uh...I have a meeting.Something tells me
we could file colonel Mooreunder "last to know."Are you married?None of your business.Right.Sunhill: Well,
she wasn't a hypochondriac.She didn't dye her hair,
she didn't have oily skin,and she keeps her method
of birth controlsomewhere else.Or perhaps she required
her men to wear condoms.Maybe you've heard that
condoms are in fashion againbecause of disease.Nowadays
you have to boil peoplebefore you can
sleep with them.Care for a bath?Oh, my.This was one
squared-away soldier.Equally prepared
for a military ballor the next war
in the jungle.Moore on machine:
Liz, hi.Uh, pick up.
It's Robert.I haven't heard from you,
so, ahem, call me, please.Robert.Surprise, surprise.Sunhill: Paul?Move aside.Man with a gun.Sunhill:
There's nothing here.Let's go.There's a false wall.Uhh. Ha.This is it.Oh, my god.Brenner:
What have we got here?10 bucks says these are not
the lost honeymooners episodes.Get down!What do you think
you're doing?Stop it!Aah!Well, how she died
does appear to be linkedto how she lived.All right.
What we need to do hereis to hold on
to these tapestill we need them.We empty the house,send this all
to the cid lab,padlock the house,and we take our chances
with the local police staff.Is this Paul brenner
speaking?This is Paul brenner,the career army officer
speaking,not the cop.The evidence of her killer
might be on that tape.I don't have to
tell you that.There's enough
evidence hereto ruin the lives
of everyone involved,including the general.Now, look,
we take the tapes,we use them
when we need them,let cid do their job,and keep all nonmilitary
out of this, ok?Ok.Good.I'll call Kent.All right. Here.It's hot.Thanks.The phone's down.I'm gonna go use
the cell in the car.Aah!Sunhill: Paul?Paul!Did you make out
a face?Yeah.It was flat, steel,
and used to clear snow.Come on.So did you ever
marry that guyyou were seeing
on the side?Paul, this isn't exactly
the time to be...Humor me.I'm near concussed.Now, did you
or did you notmarry the guy you were
seeing on the side?I was engaged to that guy.
I was seeing you on the side.Fine.So how is the boy major?He seemed a little annoyed
the last timeI saw him in Brussels
with a pistol in his hand.Make a hole!Identification,
please.Are you working on
the murder case, ma'am?Yes, I am.
And this is my father.Please proceed.What happened to you?Went off post...Without
civilian authority.And my head paid
the price for it.There you go.Per your request.Is this
her entire record file?That's it.Come up
with anything yet?No. Just a preliminary
list of suspects.Already? Who?Everyone.Well, you ought to
start getting alibis.Ok, how about you?Home in bed
when the tower called.Aha!
Oh, fuck off, Paul.Where were you
last night?I was busy killing
someone else.I didn't have time
to kill 2 people.Likely story.And you?Uh, I went to the v.O.Q.
At 1900 hours.I worked on my neely
case reporttill about midnight,and then I went home.No witnesses.Pathetic,
the both of you.Oh, you should have
invited me up to your room,and we would have had
an alibi.I would rather be
a murder suspect.Ohh.Don't encourage her.By the way,
Cal seiver's here.Oh, good.Now, look, Cal is the best
forensic man around,but don't say anything
about his hair.What's wrong
with his hair?He doesn't have any.Hey, Cal!Shouldn't you be
wearing a hat?What the hell
happened to you?Well, you know, not everybody
loves me as much as you do, Cal.This is Sarah sunhill.Hello.
How are you?The entire world walked
around this body.Paul, there's gotta be
50 boot prints here.Have you found
the clothes yet?Not yet. I figured
you'd want some space,so I commandeered
an empty hangar.Good man.
Have everything taken there.Is there any trace
of semen on the victim?I ran an ultraviolet.
I can't find any.The coroner
will run vaginal,oral, and anal swabs,and we'll know about
that in due course.It is a strange rape.Yeah.Why do you say that?Well, our guy wasn't
just a rapist. Excuse me.He was
a premeditated killer.Brenner: Go ahead.He set up a rape kit,
tent pegs, and ropes,and he used it.Yeah.Well, there are no signs
of a struggle.She was a strong woman.I couldn't find
a bit of dirtunder her fingernails.And how did he
hold a gun on herand manage to
tie the ropes?Unless it was
more than one person.What are those marks
on her cheeks?Those were tears, Paul.The panties
under the ropeas if to protect
her neck from a burn.I mean, what's
a little rope burnif you're going
to kill somebody?Sunhill's good.Oh, yeah.Sunhill has spoken.Brenner: Could you see
the body from here, private?No. But I saw
the headlights.The headlights?I... I hated
that it was her.Sunhill:
You knew her, then?No. But, um...Captain Campbell
was, uh...She was real good
to female enlisted.How so?She, uh, organized
meetings for us, and, uh...See, there's a lot
of shit...I mean, there's a lot of stuff
if you're a woman in the armyto... that you got to
put up with, and, uh...A lot of people don't like
that we're here.But captain Campbell,
she encouraged us, and, uh...I'm sorry!You're allowed
to cry.No, it's all right.
It's all right.Now, what about
the headlights?Now, you didn't...Didn't you think
it was someone coming homeor using the latrine
or something?Sometimes people
go out therewhen the nights are nice
to fuck.Pardon my French.But that's what
i thought...The first time.Both: The first time?The first time I saw
the headlights was at 0300.They went away,
and they came back at 0330.Then they went away again,
then they came back at 0400.Ok. Thank you.Brenner:
What's going on, bill?What are you doing here,
yardley?You got a shitload
of explaining to do, son.May I ask what your
official business is here?My official business
here, son,is to ask you
why there's a bunch of mpshaulin' furniture
out of an off-post residencethat belongs
to a murder victim.The family of the deceased,
chief yardley,asked me to take charge
of those itemsand transport them here.Sunhill, remind me
to call general Campbelland suggest that I take
charge of those itemsand transport them here.You got it.Jesus, Paul.You know what you need,
chief yardley,if you don't mind my saying,is a pair of them
mirrored sunglasses,for you
and the little one.That'd really
complete the picture.So...Did you ever marry,
uh...Major what's-his-name
with the gun?Yes, I did.Oh...Congratulations.I'm extremely happy
for you, Sarah.And I wish you boththe best that life
has to offer.I filed for a divorce.Good.Thank you.Sunhill:
2 club sodas, please.Elby: Let's go, boys.Come on,
i got no place to go!You should
see her record.Brenner: And there's
your boyfriendfrom the
general's house.Valedictorian
in high school,super athlete.She picked west point,
like her daddy did.Brenner:
Now there's a guywho knows how
to have a good time.Paul, look at me.Ahem.I think something
happened to her there.Elisabeth Campbell
was tops in her class,and she went all to shit
her sophomore year.She barely
got through school.Senior year was better,and she managed to graduate
and get a degree, but...She was never
quite the same.Hmm.I thought you hated
places like this.I do.However, the murderer
may be in this room,sitting all smug
and shiny...Until we walked in.And now maybe
he's a little less smugand a little less shiny.And that's pretty cool,don't you think?What about you?Oh, I hope Brusselswasn't the last time
you had a woman.Oh, brother.
Here we go.You know, I always
thought that you choseto avoid a confrontation
with my fiancélike I wasn't worth
the trouble.The man threatened
to kill me.I chose discretion.It's the better part
of valor.Weren't you decorated
for valor?Oh, please!Sometimes you just gotta
fight for what you want.That's if you want it.I received a bronze star
for valor, miss sunhill,for charging up a hillthat I didn't particularly
need or want.And besides,I don't remember getting
any encouragement from you.Well, maybe I wanted you
not to acceptmy decision
to break it off.Maybe I wanted you to
take me away from him.So we're talking
about telepathy here,not communica...You know, let's just talk
about this next week, ok?Fine.
Just one more thing.Is this next week
already?You are such a goddamn
sharp detective,aren't you?But you sure
can't read yourself,and you sure as hell don't
know a thing about women.You know...You're very cute
when I'm mad at you.However...If you'll excuse me,I'll take my anger out
on someone else.Ridiculous behavior
earlier.I'm sorry.Well, we didn't exactly
let you see it coming.Liz was more or less
my protége.At least,
i like to think she was.We were...Very close.Please sit down.Did you work together
on a daily basis?Absolutely.Did you, uh...Play together?What a truly
excellent question.You see,
here at psy ops,that's one of the things
that we teach...Threatening quietly.Think of the echoesinherent in
those 4 simple words."Did you...Play together?"Did you go out with her?Did you fuck her?Did you love her?
If you did...Did you love her so much
that you murdered her?I meant did you play golf
or tennisor checkers or something?No, you didn't.No, I didn't.So now, we both know
we're smart guys.Do you think
I'm involved in this?One way or another,
yes, I do.Then wouldn't it
behoove meto retain the services
of an attorney?I know a good one.2 problems there.First, the obvious.
There are no good ones.Second...You're not a civilian,
colonel.You're in the army.You have no rights
to an attorney.You have no right
to remain silent.And if you don't cooperate,
i may have to put you in jail,and that would make me
feel bad.You see what
you're doing here?Hmm...Looking for answers?Of course that. But how?How?You're trying
to make me like you.And you know what?It's working. I do.But now do you see
what I'm trying to do?I'm trying to make you
like me, too.Do you like me yet?Why did you strangle her?Wrong. Sorry. Not
up to your standards.Did you go to college?What do you think?I think you did not.Why, did I make a mistake
in grammar?Of course not.And even if you were to,I wouldn't be rude
enough to point it out.No, you have this chip
on your shoulder.Big one.Makes you good at your
job, though, doesn't it?I would imagine.Holds you in good steadwhen you see those
commissioned officers,those spit-and-Polish
college typesjust waiting for you.You're the scoundrel
in the rumpled suitwith a healthy disdain
for the rules,just waiting
to bring them down.Am I right?Nah. No.I'm just here to kick ass,
sleep till noon.And you cover
your inadequacieswith a condescensionfor the more robust
individuals around you.How am I doing?Not bad. Robust, even.When did...The event transpire?0400, we think.Mmm. See that?My quick segue
back to the case?Subtle as a chain saw.And where were you?Snug in bed.Witnesses?A wife, girlfriend,
roommate, hooker?I'm divorced.I'm between girlfriends,
i live alone,and I do not
use hookers.I actually have...Absolutely no alibi
whatsoever.Does that make me
a killer?No.Makes you lonely
and unpopular.Mmm. Very good.Condescending and..Clever.No. Thank you.Ok, so...You called her machine.You're very concerned.What was this,
jealousy, perhaps?Perhaps not.Liz was my friend.I hadn't heard from her
in a couple of days.Ahem.Ok, so as her friend,did you know anyone
that she was involved with?You mean sexually.Yes, sexually.She was seeing someone.Civilian.A fella named yardley.Police chief yardley?No.Nooo.Ah. Ok.The son. His deputy.Uh, Wes.Yes, Wes.
Yes, ok.Uh, they'd been seeing
each other off and on,if you'll pardon the pun,
for a few months.Ok, so look, it's obvious
you were very close to her.I'm just trying to find out
what "very" means.It means...Very.I was Liz's mentor.There was a trust...She was, yes,a passionate
young woman,as well
she should have been,but had I ever taken
advantage of that...I would've
lost the trust.So did I kill her?
Of course not.Did I love her?I loved her very much.Make of that
what you will.Major Briggs,
please report to lab one.This is what made him
famous, isn't it?Oh, yeah, yeah.That's the ledgeworth
city riots.The whole city
was in chaos.The general quelled it.And then he brought in
unarmed troopsand his little daughterjust to prove
it was safe.She looks terrified.Excellent work.I'm going to head down
to the morgue.The report should be in.
You want to come?Yeah,
we'll meet you there.I gotta talk to Cal.
Cal!Coming.So how's Moore?Complicated.Yeah?Cal.We got the dog tag latents
back from the lab.Partial printsbelong to somebody other
than captain Campbell.Who's that?Robert Moore.Hello.Smells good.What are
you doing here?I'm here to ask you
a question, Bobby.Huh.And the question is?Why...Were you so stupid...As to leave your
fingerprints everywhere?My answer, you panicked.I teach panic, remember?And?Well, obviously,
i didn't plan for thingsto work out this way.Define "things."Look, Paul...May I call you Paul?I so enjoyed itwhen you took the Liberty
of calling me Bobby.We are, I assume, still trying
to outsmart each other.Obviously, Paul...I cannot tell a lie
and say...I know nothing
about all of this.Ahh.I also, sadly...Cannot tell the truth.'Cause you think silence
will save your ass.My ass, as you
so delicately put it,is already in a sling,
is it not?You mean the sex tapes.You're good.Hmm. You're good.Great question.Almost any answer
incriminates me, doesn't it?Yep. That's
why I like it.Yeah, so let's cut
the bullshit.Let's do that.We both know
I'm pretty much destroyed,don't we?Can you think of
any compelling reasonwhy Elisabeth should be
destroyed along with me?Can you?I can't... Paul.I watched the two of you...On one of her tapes.I don't think so.You know, bluffing is
the last desperate actof the weak, Paul.I'll not help you
ruin that girl.She's suffered enough.Leave it there.I'm all you've got.Wrong again.Hello, captain.Hello.Captain goodson is with
the judge advocate's office.He's also my lawyer.Anything you have to say
to colonel Moore...I'll say
to colonel Moore.Don't think you can
bully my client.You know,
I'm done bullying.You're under arrest,
Bobby. Come here.Conduct unbecoming
an officer.Plus article 1-34,disorderly
and neglect,accessory after the fact,
conspiracy,making false statements,
and...Captain, you are the verge
of article 98,noncompliance
with procedural rules.Can I help you, ma'am?Just taking another look.Go ahead, ma'am.Thank you.Is it possible the bag
holding the victim's clotheswas going to be picked up
by her killeror by a third party?Radio: 5-Charlie,
do you copy?This is 5-Charlie.Maybe she was here
for a secret rendezvous...A tryst.Maybe the rape fantasy
was part of the thrill.We all know
she had a predilectionfor the gamier side of sex.Is there anything
to the argumentthat Elisabeth Campbell
pickedwhat amounted to
a nearly public placebecause it presented
an element of...Fuck.Aah!Hold that bitch down.
Let me get in there.This is the army.So you tell brenner,you don't shit
on your brothers.Rape investigator, huh?Want to know
what it feels like? Huh?Maybe it'll make you better
at your job, huh?Huh? Huh?Number 5.Got yourself a colonel
this time, huh?Shut up, elkins.Aah.You were acting as her shrink,
were you not?Were you not?!The Elisabeth I met
was bright and shiny.The woman on the tape
is a different lady...And there's a direct
connection, isn't there?Isn't there?Are you going to pull
my fingernails out now?What happened sophomore year
at the point?You're a murderer
or an accessory to murder.Either way, you're gonna
get burned at the stake.Nobody's gonna bail you out!Moore: It was awful.It was awful. Go ahead.What, she violated a code?
She cheated? She lied? What?Worse.Drugs.Worse.Rape.Worse.What's worse than rape?When you find that out...Then you'll know everything,
won't you?Tell me what the hell
happened, bill?Look, I'm sorry, Paul,but the mp claims he got
a call to leave his post.I've got no record
of that call.Probably a dead end,
but I'm gonna take it further.I'm pulling up.
Talk to me later.She's fine,
Paul.I'm ok.Who did it?Stupid play, elby.Rookie move.Should remember to take off
all identifying jewelrybefore an attack.I don't know what
you're talking about.I told you I was in
the "o" club all night.She's crazy,
and you're crazy.Aah! You burnt me.Sorry.What the fuck?!You just can't get good
styrofoam these days.Ok, let's change
the subject.What can you tell me about
captain Elisabeth Campbell?What about her?She was raped
and killed.You know what rape
usually is?It's a woman who changes
her mind afterward.Would you classifyyour relationship
with Elisabeth Campbellas an intimate one?You mean
was I fucking her?Yeah, that is what I mean.Yeah.I was.But that was all
i took it for.Just some
sport fucking.I didn't think she'd
run off and tell him.Tell who?The general. The bitch
told the general.Why?Because
she's a freak,and that's
what freaks do!What about the general
and captain Campbell?Were they close? No.Why not?I don't know.
You like your dad?My dad was a drunk,
a gambler, and a womanizer.I worshipped him.Yeah, well, I think
I've said enough.Aah.You cooperate,and maybe we'll keep it
out of the report.You guys don't get it.
With Elisabeth gone,the general has got
a clear fieldto settle some scores.And I'll be giventhe opportunity
to resign.Maybe I can save
my marriage,maybe I can't.Oh, great.
There's a Mrs. elby.And what does she do,aside from wake up in the
middle of the night screaming?What do you mean
by settle some scores?Look, I told you,
i am done talking!Hey, we just
got started, elby.I'm gonna bring you
up on chargesfor the assault
on agent sunhill.See how you like
40 years of sport fuckingin a military prison.Aah!Brenner: Ok. Dare me.Go ahead, motherfucker.
Dare me.I'm gonna ask you
one more time.What do you mean
by settle some scores?Ok. Ok, ok, ok!When she was alive...He couldn't touch her...Without embarrassing
himself.He couldn't touch
any of us...'Cause he knew
she would spill all.All?I mean...Imagine what
it would look like...The general's
daughterbanging his entire
male staff.Entire
male staff?Yeah. Yeah.
Everybody.Well, at least
most of them.What about
the sheriff's son?No. That was
just for show.She was pullingthe longest military
train imaginable.Right up the chain.She went through most
of the general's staff,plus the staff
of the judge advocateand people like me
in key positions.What about colonel Fowler?Colonel Fowler
once told me...He knew
all about thisand that I was
part of the problem.I think he meant
that he wasn't.What do you think
about this, agent sunhill?I think it's insane.Not really.Elisabeth
once told meshe was conducting
a field experimentin psychological
warfare...And that the enemy
was daddy.You ok?Yeah.
I've been better.God, Paul.I know, I know.Most of these officers
are married.It's immediate grounds
for court-martial.Their lives are over.But I'll tell you this,it's a hell of a motive
for murder.How does it feel
to have our suspect listmultiply exponentially?Well, at least we know who
the guys were on the tapes.Yeah. A bunch of creeps
willing to risk it allfor a piece of patch.A piece of patch?Sorry, darling.I just get
back on the base,and it drudges up all
my old Alpha male behavior.Great.
What's next?You gonna do a beer funnel
and light your own farts?Maybe.After we see Moore.Oh, I can't wait.Where is he?Bill...Where's Moore?Uh, he was released.What?Restricted
to quarters.On whose orders?On mine. Looked like he was
having a damn heart attack.His lawyer came in,
had a valid complaint.You can't put an officer
in common lockup.He's a murder suspect,
bill!Since when?His prints are all over
the goddamn tags.Well, you never informed us
he was a murder suspect.He was being held here
for conduct unbecoming,not murder.I had no choice.I had no choice.
Bill...Moore!Brenner: Moore!I'm going in.Aah.Oh, my god.The organics
on Elisabeth Campbellcame back.There was
no sign of rape.What are your
thoughts on this?Apparent suicide.Star pattern,
close-contact wound.And I don't buy it.Well, I'll do a U.V.And check his hands
for gunpowder residue.I'll let you know if
i find any inconsistencies.Colonel Kent!Yeah?Were you awareof Elisabeth Campbell's
extracurricular activities?How do you mean?You know what I mean.Uh...Uh...Well...There were...
There were rumors,uh, innuendo.I always took it
as false bravado.Soldiers bragging,
that sort of thing,but, uh...Well, there was more to it
than that.Mr. brenner.As soon as
you're through here,we'll convene
at the general's houseto coordinate the release
of the official findings.What are you
talking about?Obviously Moore
was overwhelmed with guilt.We need to close up shop.Determine what evidence
should be classified,release a statementabout Moore's guilt
and suicide.You don't understand,
colonel Fowler.This is
my investigation,and it's still open.Who the hell
do you think you are?It's over.Over.You'd better start thinking
about your career, understand?And you better start
thinking about yours.You are running
one lunatic base here.You want to mess
with me, colonel?Let's start
gouging away.You've been warned.Move out.Soldier:
Yes, sir.Huh? Huh?What are you doing here,
yardley?Shouldn't you be outnightsticking
the colored folk?Wait in the car.
I want to talk to him.All right.Your son Wes,we gotta speak to him.Apparently he was involved
with the victim,but you neglected
to mention that to us.Yardley: He was on duty
when it happened.His partner
can verify it.And we got tapes
of his radio callsall night long.Just the same,
we'll be in touch.Good night.Asshole.What is that?The gods have smiled on you,
Paul brenner.Oh, yeah?
Why is that?Because it's a west point
psychological reporton Elisabeth Campbelland pages
from her medical file...Pages we were never given.Well, what does it say?It says we're going
to west point.Yes?Sunhill: Brenner
and sunhill, sir.Come in, come in.And talk loud.Terrible thing
for a shrink to lose.Can't hear some of my
patients half the time.Course, considering
some of my patients,maybe it's a blessing.Colonel slesinger...Would you prefer being
called colonel or doctor?I prefer Donald,
and I'm assumingyou didn't fly up from
maccullum to bullshit.No, sir. It's what
i told you on the phone.Yes, and I told you
on the phonethat I can't talk about
captain Campbell.Nothing has changed.You were her psychiatrist?And a poor one at that.Well, she was, uh...At the end of her sophomore year
when she came to see you.She must have been about 20.She was in
a serious depression.I take it from
your presence hereLizzie's in
some trouble again.Not now.That's good.Well, she's too young
to be dead.Sunhill: She was
strangled, sir.Mock raped
and then strangled.God damn it! God damn it!I couldn't help her,
don't you see?I tried...But I could not unlock
her enough to trust me.But you know what?I still can't talk
about her.Sunhill: No, you can't.But you're angry, yes?Of course.Sometimes when I'm angry,
i talk to myself out loud.Do you ever do that?Just sort of... rant?Yes.Sometimes.Well, if you were to rantand we happened to be
in the vicinity...Free country.That's my thoughts exactly.She sets a place on fire,
our Lizzie does.Top woman here.Pretty as hell.Outdoes most of the men
in the training runs.At the end
of her sophomore year,there was
a big night exercise.Must've been
thousands involved.Lizzie got separated
from her group.Found herself with about
a half a dozen men.A very dark night.Not only were the men
unknown to her...But they were also
wearing camouflage.They raped her
almost to death.Raped her all night long.Taking turns.Stripped her...Spread-eagled her...Nailed her to the earth
with tent pegs.Just had
a whale of a time.Threatened to kill her
if she talked.Tied her underwear
around her throat?Yes.Slesinger:
Lizzie was hospitalized,treated
for venereal disease,treated for pregnancy.By the time I got to her,
she had gone away inside.Never let me get close.Who were these guys?No.
I need a name.Sorry. Medical ethics.I am gonna finish
my work here.I can't tell you
what to do,but if you were to go
back to my office...Key's under the mat...And you were to look up
Lizzie's files,you might findan additional
notation therewith a man's name on it.Might be worth your while
to snoop. Up to you.Free country and all that.Sorry I couldn't
be of any help.Beginning our descent
to fort benning, ma'am.Instructor: Pick it up!
Get them outta the water!Now! Now! Ranger!
Let's go!We ain't got all day!Female on the floor!Soldier:
Female on the floor!Second soldier:
Female on the floor!Captain bransford?Whoa. Yeah,
that would be me.What can I do
for you, honey?Better yet,
what can you do for me?Well, dear,you can ask these
other men to excuse us.Yeah, that's a cid badge
you're looking at.Looks like I picked
the wrong woman to "honey."Looks like.I'm Sarah sunhill,
captain.I'm a rape investigator
for the cid.We need to talk about
Elisabeth Campbell.Right. Liz.Liz and I were classmates
together at the point.Mm-hmm. Well, I only
have just one question.How scared are you
right now?I'm sorry, miss sunhill.Is it possible that
you're in the wrong place?Your heart's racing
a little faster,there's a little ball
in your throat,it's sticky
under the arms.Ok, I think
that's enough.You can sit
your ass back down.I know you weren't
the leader.If you say so, miss sunhill,
but I really do not knowwhat in the world
you're referring to.You're too weak
to have started it.You're just a guy
who's gotten byon his smile
and his charm.It's a good smile,but you could
never lead a rape.Well, that sure is
good to know.Elisabeth Campbell
was murdered 36 hours ago.Staked out with tent pegs
and strangled.So I'm going to ask you
my question again,captain bransford.How scared are you
right now?I was right here
on the post, lady.But you were right there
7 years ago on maneuvers.You were right there
for the rape.You can't prove shit.That's not what
Dr. slesinger's records say.Yeah, ok. I went
to see slesinger.And I told him a story
that I had heard.That's what his records say,
miss sunhill.It was just a story.Somebody else's story,
and that's it, understand?What is that?What does it look like?Well, it looks like
underwear.Women's underwear.Amazing scientific changes
in the last few years,captain, wouldn't you agree?I wouldn't know.In certain fields,
it's been incredible.Well, if you say so.Like DNA...If it's there,
it's there forever.But then you probably
already knew that.Those are hers,
aren't they?I tried to stop it.I did everything I could,but they hated her.They hated her so much.They hated that
she was smarter than them,and they hated
being out therewith someone who had
to squat to piss.I tried to save her.I did everything I could,
but I couldn't make them stop.Who were the others?It was my recon squad.Names are in the yearbook.Liz was my friend.Thank you very much,
captain,for your cooperation.Someone from cid
will be in touch.What are you doing?What does it look like?What about the DNA?What DNA?I bought those
an hour ago.So long, honey.That's a positive
match, right?Cal: Yeah, Paul. It's
only a partial boot print,but it's definitely
colonel Fowler'sand it's right
next to the body.Good. Good work.Now, look, we've only got
till the end of the day,then the feds are gonna be
all over us. Gotta go.Hi.Look, I got a lot
on my plate just now.I just want to thank you
for everything you did.For what?For leaving the medical
records in the car.Now, did he instruct you to
give me the medical records?Not in so many words,but I think I knew
his wishes.Anything that might
help Elisabeth.I'm sure you know
how much he loved her.Not as much
as he loved you.What do you mean?I don't know.
Just something aboutthe surprise way
you came in that night,the extra care he had
in making dinner.What do you plan
on doing about it?Not a thing, other than to
tell you I'm sorry about Mooreand to ask you for your help.
Here, sit down.What exactly
do you need to know?I want to know
about the recreationof the original rape.I suppose that's
what it was.Was it Moore's idea
to do this,to cleanse her
of her past?Oh, no. Jesus, no.
She thought it up.He couldn't talk her
out of it.So he felt so bad
that he killed himself?Look, you and I both know
that's not how this happened.And that is where they
screwed up, whoever did this,because they didn't know
about Bob and me.Bob could no sooner
have killed himselfthan I could pull
a chicken out of my ear.But these nefarious types,
they don't get that.They don't understand that.
Affairs of the heart.Way beyond them.Ok, so he staged
this thing, ok?He tied her up, got rid
of her clothes, what?Yeah. He also had to make
the call to the generaland play him the tape.The tape?Joe, brenner.Paul...Come in, please.Just wanted
to say good-bye, sir.I'll be driving back to
headquarters in the morning.I'm leaving
tomorrow, too.I'm taking Elisabeth
up to Michiganto be buried
next to her mother.Thank you...
For everything you did.I understand you're still
going into politics, sir.Oh... the jury's
still out.We'll see.When you just thanked me
for what I had done,what I wanted
to say to youwas I really
didn't do anything.At least not
anything right.I did a lot of things
that were wrong.You're not responsible
for Moore's death, Paul.Any good investigator has
to follow his instincts.I'd like to talk to you
about that, sir.We know Moore did it, then
killed himself out of guilt.Then we're all
in agreement.Then I got thinking,
what if I was wrong?What if it wasn't
the same car 3 times,but 3 different cars?That's certainly
an interesting theory,but what difference does it
make since Moore is dead?Probably none, sir,but it got me thinking
about your daughterand what she told me
she taught."Mostly we fuck with
people's minds," she said.Fowler: Ok, then...Thank you, brenner.You can go now.Tell me about the rape.Fowler:
But she wasn't raped!It was just made
to appear that way.The rape at west point.It was kept
confidential,for the good
of the academy.And the army.And it was best for
Elisabeth that way.You were in Germany
when it happened.Berlin. I was
stationed there.I came back as
soon as I heard.Fowler:
We flew all night.And you went straight there
from the airport.Fowler: Of course!No meeting first?Seems Mr. brenner
is very well-informed.It was in her
psych record, sir.It didn't happen that way!George... he's right.The meeting
did come first.It was 7 years ago.The details
get confusing.It was nothing.Just a quick briefing in
a hotel near the point.General sonnenberg,
he was very...Sympathetic.I want justice
for my daughter.I would give anything
if this had never happened,but it did, and I'm
trying to tell youthe reality
of the situation.We'll never find them,
so we'll never know who did it.But we do know this...A coed academy is a good call,
a necessary call.Better one unreported
and unvindicated rapethan to shake the foundations
of west point...To cast suspicion
on a thousand soldierswho did not gang-rape
a woman that night.All you have to do
is convince your daughterthat she, the academy,the army, and the cause of
equality would be best servedif she just forgot
about the whole thing.These are the times
we live in, Joe.Campbell: He was right.If it had gone public,
it would havepermanently damaged
women in the military.It would have destroyed
west point.It was an
untenable situation.Is that what
you told Elisabeth?Not in
so many words, no.She was...In no condition
to understand that then.I simply tried to tell
her that I loved her.I loved her very much.Daddy loves you...Mmm.And he's so proud
of you.Shh. Rest now.Try not to think
about it anymore.Shh. No, shh.Baby, listen to me.I only want what's
best for you.Trust me.Do you? Hmm?
Like you always did?Then don't ever think
about any of this again.I know, I know,
it was an awful thing.A terrible,
terrible thing.But thinking about it
won't help it,so...Close your eyes.It never happened.None of this...Ever happened.Not my finest hour.Fowler: You were just
doing what you said...Trying to protect her.I did what I had to.What I thought best
for everyone concerned.There's nothing else
that could've been done.We never would have
found them anyway.Here you are, sir.What is that?Names of the perpetrators
by associate agent sunhill,found with
a minimum of trouble.Apple pie, sir.Campbell: That's
just brilliant.Each man will be looking
at 20 years, sir.Fowler: I think
you'd better go now.Fine.We'll just deal with the
phone call issue tomorrow.If you prefer.
Perhaps before your flight.What phone call issue?I've excellent
reason to believethat Moore phoned
you at 0300 hoursthe night
of the murder.Why in the world
would he have done that?Well, if I'm right, sir,I think the whole
recreation of the rapewas Elisabeth's idea.God knows why she did it.Perhaps because you were
going into politics,she thought this was
her last chance.But I think
she got Moore to put herin exactly the same position
the rapists did 7 years ago.This time
you weren't in Germany,and if I'm right,
she would have wanted youto see firsthand
what you covered up.That never happened.A gift from Moore's lawyer.Tape:
Dad, this is Elisabeth.I need to discuss something
extremely urgent with you.You must meet me
at the mount siteno later than 0330 hours.I have an answer
to your ultimatum.It's hard to argue
with a recorded voice.I'm sure that was
part of her plan.What does she mean
by an ultimatum, sir?I gave her 2 options...Resign her commissionor agree to some
sort of therapy.If she rejected
both of those,I would instruct
the staff judge advocateto investigate
her misconductand draw up charges for
a general court-martial.I'm sure that seems
callous to you.So you drove out
to the mount site.Of course.I needed an answer.Elisabeth: Here's the answer
to your damn ultimatum!Jesus Christ!Do you see what
they did to me?Do you see?Don't turn away,
you coward!Come closer! Get a better look!
See what they put me through!What the fuck do you
hope to accomplish?There's a rope
around my neck.You can strangle me
if you want toor you can just cover it up
like you did before.Have you gone completely
out of your mind?!It happened.It happened!I want to hear
you say it happened!I don't give a damn what
happened to you 7 years ago.Whatever hurts you
makes me stronger.That which does not destroy me
makes me stronger.You can't hurt me
anymore.We're even.That's fine with me.You never helped me!Daddy, please don't go.Come back...Please.Please don't...Daddy...Brenner: So you were
in the second car.Which means
colonel Fowler...Must have been
in the third.You couldn't expect the man
to deal with his own child.She was screaming such
vituperations at him.Course not.So he called me...And he asked me
to deal with it.And I went.And I found her dead.You found her dead?Of course.But you will never get me to
testify against the general.What?I've been by
Joe Campbell's sidetoo many times.Looked death in
the face with him...Too many times.I will not back down now.What in god's name
are you talking about?It wasn't like she
didn't give him reason.George,
for Christ's sake!And then
when we realizedshe was...
Fucking everybodyfrom bill Kent
to Jake elby,it was too late
for official action.Colonel Fowler!We would have had to ask
for all their resignations.Strangulation,
you think?Then resign ourselves.You need
civilian authority.What happened to you?You had no
other choice, sir.You think I killed
my own daughter?It'll die with me, Joe.You sorry son of a bitch.Where's Moore?
He was released.Oh, my god.Seiver.Cal, it's me.You arrest Fowler?No. Let me speak
to sunhill.She's not here.
Got in about an hour ago,then went back out
to the crime scene.She go out there alone?No, sir. She took
the big dog with her.Captain America
himself... Kent.His idea. He wants you
to meet them out there.Yeah, of course he does.Shit!Sunhill!Bill, we've been through
this whole placea dozen times before.
We're not gonna getanything else
out of this.Paul?Sure, sure.Paul.I think the three of usneed to go back to
your office and talk.I've always been
an outdoorsy kind of guy.Why don't we
talk here? Kent.That is if we have anything
really important to talk about.I thought you'd do your job.Pin it on Moore,
then move the fuck on.Oh, god.But I forgotyou were the nastiest rat
in the shithouse.Just goes to show you.Why'd you do it?Why?Well, you tell me.
You're the expert.I think this was a womangiving it out
all over the post,and the one man
who cared about her,the one who's willing
to risk it all for her,is the person
she doesn't want.And that's because she
couldn't want anybody.See, I just wanted
to be with her forever.She owned my heart.She tormented me.She became my obsession.So I followed herand found her
out there on the range...On display.Elisabeth.Get out of here, bill.
Get the fuck out of here.He'll come back,
i know he will.You can't be around.
You'll ruin it all.What are you doing out here?What's all this about?Did my father send you?Is that why you're here?No.Did he send you
to shut me up?No.No.Well, this time
i won't be quiet.This time I'm gonna
tell everything.About him,
shh. About you.I'm gonna
tell your wife.I'm gonna tell
your kids.Shh.Don't touch me.Get your hands
off me.You repulse me.
Shh, shh.You're a disgrace.You're not a soldier.You're not even a man.You're just a fuck.I fucked you.Oh, Christ!God!Brenner: Come on, bill,
let's get going.Come on.I'm all yours, Paulie.Whoa!Before you come
any closer,don't you want to know
where you're standing?Where am I standing?In a minefield.Aw, come on, bill.I buried some
bouncing betties.Antipersonnel.You buy that?You're reasonably
safe here, Paul.But little miss
can't-be-wrongover there...She's deep
in the hurt locker.You remember how
the Betty works?First man trips
the primary,mine shoots up,the rest of the column
walks into the blast.Heads are removed,
or limbs. Whatever.Backtrack
the way you came.You know, it's amazing
what a load of shrapnelwill do to flesh and bone.Brenner:
Sarah, you're fine.God.Boom!Scared you, didn't I?You're an asshole,
Kent.Come on, bill,
it's over.Yeah, it's over.But not the way you think.Atten-hut!Present!Hut!Shoulder!Hut!Left shoulder!Hut!The human eye can distinguish
16 shades of gray.A computer image processor
analyzing a fingerprintcan distinguish
256 shades of gray,which is impressive.The human heart,
mind, and soul, however,can distinguish an infinite
number of emotional,psychological,
and moral shadings.In psy ops we deal
with the blackest of blackand the whitest of white.Thank you.Ahem.At ease, soldier.Is colonel Fowler coming?No. He's taking
some much-needed r&r.He's a good man, George.A good man
and a good soldier.Sometimes the lines
get a little blurred,but when push
comes to shove,he'll do
what needs to be done.And what is that, sir?Why, say Moore
called him, of course,and that i
was never out there.He'll do that for me...Even if it means
his career...Like a good soldier.Nothing is gained
by my involvement.A letter of commendation
will be insertedinto your file...In recognition of your
exemplary work on this case.Remember
when I asked youif you were a cop
or a soldier?Yes, sir.Well, you're
a soldier, Paul...And a damn fine one.General Campbell.You're wrong.I'm a rotten soldier.Oh? And why is that?You really don't
get it, do you?The only mindElisabeth wanted
to fuck with was yours.And you still don't get it.I've done nothing wrong.You killed her.What did you say?7 years ago
in that hospital roomwhen you told her
to just forget about it,you killed her.Kent killed her.No. Kent just put her
out of her misery.I once asked Moore
what was worse than rape.Now I know.Betrayal.I loved Elisabeth...But there were larger
issues to consider.You traded her trust
for your career.You made a deal, didn't you?You kept silent,
and they gave you another star.You watch your mouth,
brenner.I'm gonna say that
in my report,that you knew
she was out there,that you went out
and talked to herand left her there
to die.You don't have
the balls.Oh, you're wrong, sir...Because that's just about
all I have left.You do that,and you can kiss
your career good-bye.I'm gonna have you
court-martialed, general,under article 32 for conspiracy
to conceal a crime.Soldier: Ah-hut!Soldier: Atten-hut!When this all started,I told you that we would find
the son of a bitch, sir.I never expected that the son
of a bitch would be you.Soldier: Firing party!Ready!Aim!Fire!Aim!Fire!Aim!Fire!Present!Arms!♪ well, Jesus died
to save me all of my sins ♪♪ about quarter to 5
we're gonna meet him again ♪♪ well, Jesus died
to save me all of my sins ♪♪ about quarter to 5
we're gonna meet him again ♪♪ about quarter to 5
we're gonna meet him again ♪♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ the rock island line♪ is the road to ride♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ if you want to ride♪ you got to ride it
like you find it ♪♪ buy your ticket
at the station ♪♪ on the rock island line♪ well, I sailed out of Memphis
at half past 9:00 ♪♪ made it back
to little rock at 8:49 ♪♪ well, I sailed out of Memphis
at half past 9:00 ♪♪ made it back
to little rock at 8:49 ♪♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ the rock island line♪ is the road to ride♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ if you want to ride♪ you've got to ride it
like you find it ♪♪ buy your ticket
at the station ♪♪ on the rock island line♪ well, Jesus died
to save me all of my sins ♪♪ about quarter to 5
we're gonna meet him again ♪♪ again, again,
again, again ♪♪ again, again, again, again♪ again, again,
again, again ♪♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ the rock island line♪ is a mighty good road♪ if you want to ride♪ you've got to ride it
like you find it ♪♪ buy your ticket at the station
on the rock island line ♪♪ the rock island line♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ sea lion woman, sea lion♪ she drank coffee,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank tea, sea lion♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ sea lion woman, sea lion♪ sea lion woman,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank coffee,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank tea,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ sea lion woman, sea lion♪ she drank coffee,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank tea,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ sea lion woman, sea lion♪ sea lion woman,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank coffee,
sea lion ♪♪ she drank tea,
sea lion ♪♪ ain't got no lies,
sea lion ♪♪ sea lion woman, sea lion♪ she drank coffee,
sea lion ♪♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪♪ and the rooster crowed,
sea lion ♪