Monsieur Brunner.Honey, I' m home.Roger that.
Copy at the boathouse.Right on time.Faisil, get your butt in here.
Harry's inside.Yeah, yeah.
I'm coming. I' m coming.- Were you born in a barn?
- Whorehouse.Uh-huh.You got your fur coat
razor blade there...and a bunch of guys with guns.Hmm.I'm switching to sub-vocal now.Check, check.It' s talk radio.
You're on the air.That guard nearest to you
is moving away.He's at the service door.
He's inside.Excusez-moi. Monsieur?All right.
Have you seen Khaled yet?Yep. There he is.How come billionaires
are always short?Jamal...Excuse me.Colonel, how are you?
It's so good to see you again.- It' s been a long time.
- Terrific.Who was that guy?Could you hold this
for a second? Thanks.You should be crossing
the main foyer...heading for the stairs.Mm-hmm.OK, keep moving. Keep moving.I' m in the library...and I' m heading out
to the second floor balcony.Modem in place.Transmitting now.Affirmatory.
It's a good hookup.These are encrypted files.
It'll take a few minutes.Uh-huh. I got your password.Magnificent, isn't it?Yes, quite.I thought I knew
most of Khaled's friends...but I don't believe
I've met you before.No, we haven't met.
I certainly would remember.Renquist, Harry Renquist.Juno Skinner.Juno Skinner. Juno Skinner.Come on. Come on.Juno Skinner,
arts and antiquities dealer...specializing in Ancient Persia.This is Persian,
if I' m not mistaken.Very good.
6th century B.C., to be exact.Do you like the period?Oh, I adore it.Alarm! Alarm!Harry, we got a problem. Guards
are going apeshit down there.Acquired
most of these pieces for Jamal.Do you tango?Mmm. Oh!Tango?Harry? You do not
have time to tango, buddy.You copy?Don't be stopping
to smell the roses now.You got to get out of there.Yes! Files are unlocked!Fast Faisil strikes again.
I'm in. I' m down, baby.I got my hand up her dress,
and I am going for...Just copy the goddamn files, OK?Wow. And I thought
this was just going to be...another bunch of boring bankers
and oil billionaires.Harry, seconds count, buddy.
Ditch the bitch.Unfortunately, I have to leave.I have a plane to catch.Oh.Well... call me sometime.My offices are in Rome.I would like that.Son of a bitch
is with her two minutes...and she's ready
to bear his children.All right, twinkle toes,
what's your exit strategy?I' m going to walk
right out of the front gate.Ballsy. Stupid, but ballsy.Sir?May I see
your invitation, please?Sure. Here's my invitation.Aw, shit. Here we go.- Slight change in plans.
- HalStay.We're en route
to the lower rendezvous point.I repeat...
backup rendezvous point.Watch it! Watch it!It' s called ice,
and it gets a little slick.Harry, do you copy? Whoa.I got it.Shit!Whoops!Aah!Oh, my God.Whoa!
I got it, I got it, I got it.- There he is!
- Shit!Hi, guys.Oh, yeah, that worked good.
Right out the old front gate.Can you lean back a second?Let's go.
We can still make our flight.All right,
that's it for Mr. Renquist.OK, go.All right,
we got Harry Tasker billfold...Harry Tasker passport,
ticket stub, hotel bill.I got two postcards here
from Geneva.Got some house keys
right there...and I' ve got a souvenir
Swiss snowing village.- What's that for?
- For Dana, stupe.You know,
bring your kid home a gift.Nice touch.
Pick me up tomorrow at eight.Will do.The debriefing
is at ten-hundred.Mm-hmm.See you at eight.OK. Hey, Harry.
Did you forget something?What a team.All right. Sleep fast, buddy.Hi, honey.
How was your flight?- It was fine.
- Good.Brought you a little gift
from Switzerland.Snowy village.Wow. Thanks, Dad.
I've never had one of these.You're welcome.You're late for school.
You better get going.- Don’t forget to feed Gizmo.
- OK.It' s pretty lame.It' s pretty lame.- I' m late.
- Me, too.How'd it go at the convention?Did you make
all the other salesmen jealous?It was fantastic.
You wouldn't believe it.We were the big hit of the showwith that
new model ordering system...the six-eighty
I told you about.You can write up an order...and as soon as
the customer's name comes up...you see
what his credit line is...what he's ordered in the past...what discount he's gotten,
every little detail.Sounds great.It' s fantastic.
I love the computer business.Listen, the plumber called.He says he has to dig
under the slab or something.- It' s going to cost $600.
- That's OK.Well, it's not OK.
It's extortion.So what did you tell him?I slept with him,
and he said he'd knock off $100.That's good thinking.
Bye, honey.Hello.Dana!I remember the first time
I got shot out of a cannon.Morning. Go to school.Sure, Dad.Thanks, dear.Check these out.Check 'em out.Where's the image coming from?Got a CCD camera
and a transmitter...in a pack of smokes.
Pretty cool, huh?Mm-hmm.What the hell?- Bye, Dad!
- What's she...Dana!
She's ripping you off. Dana!I knew it.Dana!Dana!Let's go!Can't stop, I' m late! Bye, Dad!Shit.Kids... 10 seconds of joy,
30 years of misery.I got married three times.I was never dumb enough
to have any.She shouldn't be
stealing. I taught her better.But you're not
her parents anymore.Her parents
are Axel Rose and Madonna.The five minutes a day
you spend with her...can't compete with
that constant bombardment.You're outgunned, daddy-o.It's not just because
you're a bad parent.Kids today are ten years
ahead of where we were.- Morning.
- Morning, Mr. Tasker.I' II bet you think
she's still a virgin.Don't be ridiculous.
She's only...- She's 14.
- She's only 14.Her hormones
are going like a fire alarm.It's even money, she lets that
physicist on the bike boink her.Not Dana.Denial- -
it's not just a river in Egypt.She's probably stealing
the money for an abortion.Why don't you open the door?Or drugs.Twenty here, fifty there.I figured my wife's scumbag
boyfriend was taking it.He takes everything else.
Never a beer in the fridge.- Thought you moved out.
- I had to move back in.My lawyer said
it'd give me a better shot...at getting the house
in the property settlement.Don't change the subject.
You still owe me 200 bucks.Good morning, Janice.Good morning.Please identify
yourselves to the scanner.Harry Tasker, 10024.Albert Gibson,34991.[Faisil tapping pencilAll right, Frances...I don't believe
we need you any longer now.Thank you.Sweet Jesus, Harry.You surely screwed the pooch
last night, didn't you?Please tell me
how I can see this...as anything
but a total disaster.Total is a strong word.There are different
degrees of totality.It' s a scale, really...with a perfect mission
on one end...and a total pooch-screw
on the other.Faisil, you're new
on Harry's team, aren't you?Yes.What makes you think
the slack I cut him...in any way translates to you?Let me show you what we got.Jamal Khaled.We think he's dirty, so we raid
his private financial files.$100 million in transfers from
the Commerce Bank International.A front for countries
to finance terrorist activities.That's why we think
something big's going down.A week ago, four MIR V
warheads were smuggled out...of the former Soviet Republic
of Kazakhstan.We think Khaled's group
bought the nukes...and is trying to bring them
to U.S. Soil.So far, this is not
blowing my skirt up.Don't you have anything
remotely substantialHarry,
do you have any hard data?Nothing you would call
rock-hard.Actually, it's pretty limp.Perhaps you'd better get some
before somebody parks...an automobile
in front of the White House...with a nuclear weapon
in the trunk.It' s not like
he's saving the world.He's a sales rep,
for Christ's sake.Whenever I can't sleep...I just ask him
to tell me about his day.Six seconds, and I' m out.He acts like he's curing cancer
or something.So you didn't get away
for the weekend?No. Harry had to go out of town.- I' m shocked.
- You know Harry.- What's up?
- Check this out.A $2 million disbursement
from Khaled to Juno Skinner.That's right,
the babe at the party.That doesn't mean anything.
She buys antiquities for Khaled.He keeps his antique buys
on a separate ledger.And this is
a little above market rate...for the horizontal bop,
even for a biscuit like her.All right. I want
a complete work-up on her.Do we know where she is?- Right here in River City.
- You're kidding.She lives in Rome, but
does stuff at the Smithsonian.She has a lot of
diplomatic connections...so she has offices here.So I guess it's time
to send in a specialist.- Care to tango?
- Yes, I would.Assholes.Assholes.It' s all set up.I got fax machine,
ghost phones, the usual stuff.You have
a suite at the Marquis Hotel...under the name of Renquist.All right, reality check.Hi. My name is Harry Renquist.I own a corporate art consulting
company in San Francisco...and have an appointment
with Miss Skinner.- Harry.
- Oh, hello.Hello.
I thought I' d see you again.I just didn't know
it would be so soon.- What's the point of waiting?
- I agree.So, you said your clients
are looking for something...for the lobby of their new
corporate headquarters?Yes. They would like
to see something very dramatic.That's a nice piece.I talked
to a number of people...and they all said
you're the one to see.- Really?
- Mm-hmm.Checking on me?So, what did these people
say about me, exactly?They said you can read
ancient Sanskrit...without having
to sound out the words...and other art dealers
and archaeologists...don't really like you very much.Oh!Those wimps.It's because I use my diplomatic
contacts to export treasures...from countries
which tell them to take a hike.See, most of our pieces
come from ancient Persia.Unfortunately, ancient Persia
sits 20 feet under the sand...of Iran, Iraq, and Syria.Not the most popular places
lately.So I' ve had to become an expert
in international diplomacy.Well, Mr. Renquist...do you see anything you like?Maybe.Give me a break, Fise.I don't think
they bugged my tuna sandwich.She's importing stuff
from all over the Mideast.She could be moving
money, guns, anything.We've been getting calls
to the ghost numbers...checking out the Renquist front.Step up surveillance.
Put on two more guys.Maurizio, I said Saturday...
not Tuesday, Saturday.Va bene. Ciao.Ms. Skinner, may I have
a word with you please?Stupid, undisciplined bitch!It' s a good thing
you're paying me a lot of money.Do you realize
there are surveillance teams...watching this place right now?Your telephones
are almost certainly tapped.And you were busy
laughing and flirting...like a whore
with this Renquist...He checked out OK.We do not tolerate mistakes.What would you like me to do?Find out where this Renquist is.Hello. Tektel Systems.
Mr. Tasker's office.Hi, Charlene?
Hi. It' s Helen. Is he in?Harry's in a sales meeting,
Mrs. Tasker.Let me try him in there.
Hold, please.Relay 10024.It' s a patch from Tektel.It's Helen.Hello, honey.
How are you? What's going on?I'm sorry to bother you
in the middle of a meeting.Dana and I wanted to make sure
you'll be home by 8:00.We're going to a lot of trouble
for your birthday...and we just wanted to make sure
you would be home...Absolutely.
This time you can count on me.- Promise?
- Trust me.Great.- Gotta go. Bye.
- Bye.- That's disgusting, Dana.
- Calm down.We've got a friend.
3 cars back on the inside lane.They've been on us
since we left the hotel.In the station wagon?Uh-huh. Want me to lose them?No. We need this lead.Unit Seven?Seven here.We need you at the
Georgetown mall in 3 minutes.Copy that. We're rolling.Helen's going to be pissed.Well, this is
the problem with terrorists.They're really inconsiderate
about people 's schedules.Pull over here. This is good.- Testing 1, 2,3.
- I got you.OK, they're right with us.
I make three of them in the car.- Dickhead.
- Blow me.Hey, Harry, I got a couple
of them coming after you.You think I' m blind?You do look
like Ray Charles.So what's the plan?Just getting a closer
look at Beavis and Butt-head.There's a third one
still in the car.Stay on him.Hi, Helen. Yeah, it's Gib.Oh, not much.Listen, Harry forgot something
back at the office...and you know Harry, and, uh...Yeah, Gib, I know Harry.Bye.Bye. See you soon.See?Harry, I lost the third guy.Aah!Shit!Hold it! Oh, shit!Hey!Here. Cool off.Move! Move!Sorry about this.Look out! Get out of the way!Hey! Freeze!Oh, thank God.- Get to the car!
- Yep.Here we go.Federal officer
in pursuit of suspect.Sorry.Hey!- Harry, what's your 20?
- Westbound from the park.Suspect is on a motorcycle,
coming out on Franklin.Copy that.I want you on 14th
in case he turns south...and Seven on the north side
to box him in.And make it quick because
my horse is getting tired.Your horse?Hyah!There he is! That's him!Come on!Move!- Go around to the back.
- Copy that.Out of my way!Out of my way!Sorry.Excuse me. Excuse me.Sorry.Out of my way!Excuse me.Excuse me.Out of the way!Move! Move! Move!Federal officer!
Get down now!Duck or die!Down! Down!Aah!Hold still!Come on! Hyah!Whoa!Hold still!Hold still!Hyah!Would you press the button
for the top floor, please?Thank you.No!Shut up!Whoa.Say something.That's a f-fine animal.Eww!Stay against the glass!OK. Come on.I'm so sorry.Ooh!Stay there! Don't move!Hyah! Come on, fella.Aah!Whoa!Hyah!Hyah!Ohh! Ohh!Aah!OK... back up.Back up.You can do it.Come on.Good horse. Good.Yeah, yeah. Go back now.Come on. Yeah.
That's teamwork now.Keep pulling. Come on. Good.A little bit more.Attaboy.OK.Now, what the hell
were you thinking?I had the guy,
and you let him get away.Look at me when I talk to you.What kind of a cop
are you anyway?Hi, honey.I know you're upset.
I'm sorry...but I hurried home
as fast as I could.- It' s OK.
- Ow.It's OK.I'm sorry.
Thank you for the party.Yeah. It was great.Huh. Hey.That's him.OK. Pause it right there.Salim Abu Aziz.This guy's really hard-core.Highly fanatical, a real psycho.He's been linked to dozens
and dozens of car bombings.You know that cafe bomb in Rome
last year?That was his.As well as
the 727 out of Lisbon.This guy's a major player.He's formed his own
splinter faction... Crimson Jihad.I guess
the other terrorist groups...were too warm and fuzzy.- They call him the Sand Spider.
- Why?Probably because
it sounds scary.This is impressive, gentlemen.It would be even more impressive
if you knew where he was.We'll get him.Why don't you pull over
right here?What's up?I really screwed up
with Helen last night.I'm going to run in and see
if she's available for lunch...to smooth things over.- You just want me to hang?
- Yeah. Just hang.OK, buddy, I' II just be hanging.Hold, please.Helen,
it's your mystery man on two.Simon?Oh, my God!Hello? Simon?Yes, I can talk.You mean right now?Yes... I can meet you.OK. I can't wait.Bye.Can you cover me
for an hour?Just an hour? Tell that
stud to take more time!Would you shut up?I should have never
told you about him.Have a good time!Get a little bit for me
while you're at it!Hey, hold it!Fucker.What's going on, man?
You sick or something?Looks like you got gut-kicked.It' s Helen... it's Helen.
It's Helen.It has something to do
with Helen, I' m guessing.- Helen...
- Helen...Helen...Helen... is having an affair.Welcome to the club, man.Nobody thinks it can happen
to them the first time.Same thing happened to me
with wife number two.I had no idea.
Nothing's going on, right?I come home one day,
the house is completely empty.She even took the ice cube trays
from the freezer.What kind of a sick bitch
takes the ice cube trays?Not Helen.Hey, Harry.
Listen, Helen still loves you.She just wants to bang this guy
for a while.It's nothing serious.Stop cheering me up!What'd you expect, Harry?Helen's a flesh-and-blood
woman, and you're never there.It was just a matter of time.You know what?
I say we concentrate on work.That's what I do every time
my life turns to dog shit.I concentrate on work,
and that gets me by.This is gonna be great.We're gonna catch
some terrorists...we're gonna beat
the crap out of them...you're gonna feel
a hell of a lot better.Watch your head now.OK. All right.Women... can't live with them,
can't kill 'em.I came by your office today.I was in the area...and I thought that
you might want to have lunch.R-really?
You must've just missed me.They said you had to run
out or something like that.It was this rush job.They needed these documents
down at the district courthouse.And so of course,
the big problem?Our printer shut down.I went to the third floor
to use theirs...but they have the 1720...and of course, the disk
isn't formatted for the 1720.So I have to go back
upstairs and reformat...go back downstairs
and use their printer...then I couldn't get
my car to start.Then traffic...
Well, I barely got there.That's a little excitement
in an otherwise dull day.Did it work out OK?Yeah. Great.I'll check on dessert.I' m done.He's practically given us
a blank check on wiretaps.I've set them up on Juno's
shipping agents and clients...and Faisil' s made a list
of all the possible contacts...the Crimson Jihad
may have in this country.Now all we gotta do
is sit around...Hey, this national security
stuff boring you?Put a tap on her phone.What are you talking about?
I already did that.I'm talking about Helen's.Put a tap on her office line
and my house. Do it now.OK. Just come over here.
Sounds great.I just want to ask you
about something.I got two words to describe
that idea... in-sane.An unauthorized wiretap
is a felony.And we're doing it
twenty times a day!So don't give me that crap.
Do it.Hello?Helen, it's Simon.
Is it safe to talk?Yes. Go ahead.I can't talk long.Can you meet me for lunch
tomorrow? I must see you.I suppose so. Where?Same place. One o'clock.I have to go now.See you tomorrow.Remember, I need you.I thought that we might
have lunch together tomorrow.You know, darn it,
I'm meeting Allison.We're going to go shopping.
Sorry.No problem.I think you're going
about this all wrong.See, women like you
to talk to them.And maybe you're not in touch
with your feminine side.I was watching
Sally Jessy Raphael- -All right. OK.
I got the usual stuff here.I got a telemetry-burst
transmitter, a GPS tracker...an audio transmitter,
a power supply.I've got it
sewn into the lining here...Hey, Harry?If you need to talk...
speak into the purse.Here she comes,
right in front of us.- Watch this. Bingo!
- Yep.Looks like
she's going into Chinatown.OK, she's parking.OK, give me audio.You sure you weren’t followed?No. I kept looking
behind me like you taught me...but I didn't see anyone.It' s just things
are a bit hot right now.If I get a signal,
I may have to leave suddenly.I understand.Look, it's my job
to take risks, but not yours.I feel bad
about bringing you into this...but you're the only one
I can trust.Were you out on a mission?Shh. We say "op."Covert operation...and this one,
well, got a little rough.- Worse than Cairo?
- Cairo?Cairo was a day at the beach
next to this.- The guy's a spook.
- But for whom?He could be working her
to get to you.Did you read
the papers yesterday?Yes.Sometimes a story's
a mask for a covert operation.See " Two men killed
in a rest room...and two unidentified men
in a shoot-out at the Marriott"?That was you.You're very good.
You recognize my style.You're a natural at this.The guy's a fake. He's
taking credit for our moves.- What happened?
- Hardly worth talking about.Two of them
won't bother me again.Unbelievable!- You chased one?
- Something came over me.I had to nail this guy
no matter what the risk.Pretty hairy. I thought
he had me a couple of times...but I really can't take credit.Why not?It's the training.It shapes you
into a lethal instrument.You react in a microsecond
without thinking.You react in a microsecond
without thinking.I' m starting
to like this guy.We've still got to kill him.
That's a given.More than a woman to meMore than a womanMore than a woman to meMore than a wo...The guy is a goddamn
used car salesman.This keeps getting
better and better!I'm sorry. I know
this has got to be painful.But you gotta admit,
it's pretty damn funny.If it was some idiot
and not you...you'd be laughing your ass off.One born every minute.It wants you, too.Feel it vibrate?Say, how about a little spin?Sure.It' s not just a car.
It's a total image...an identity
you have to go for.This isn't
some high-tech sports car.Tell you the truth, it
doesn't even handle that great.But that's not the idea, is it?What are we talking about here?Pussy, right?Ha ha ha.Absolutely.Let's face it, Harry.
The 'Vette gets 'em wet.But it's not enough.If you really want
to close escrow...well, you gotta have an angle.I suppose you have an angle.Oh, it's killer.
I mean, look at me.I'm not that much to look at.No, no. I can be honest.But I got 'em lining up.And not just the skanks.
Well, some are.What's your angle?Oh, oh, no.
Sorry. Trade secret.OK. Just ask yourself...
what do women really want?Take these bored housewives,
married for years.They're stuck in a rut.
They need some release!The promise of adventure,
a hint of danger.I create that for them.Basically, you're lying
your ass off the whole time.I couldn't do that.What are you, a boy scout?Think of it as playing
a role, as fantasy.You gotta work
on their dreams...get them out of their daily
suburban grind for a few hours.- What about their husbands?
- Dickless!Face it,
if they took care of business...I'd be out of business,
you know what I mean?Those idiots.Hey, hey!
You mind keeping it under90?I'm still trying
to pay for this dental work.Who are you
working on right now?I always got a couple
on the hook.There's this one right now,
I got her panting like a dog.- It' s great.
- What does she do?Some sort of legal secretary.You know,
uptight and conservative.Oh! She could be so hot
if she wanted to be.With you,
she gets to be real hot?Oh, red hot!
Her thighs steam.It's like a dying plant.
Just needs a little water.- Married to some boring jerk.
- Married to some boring jerk?He doesn't appreciate her.She's like all these babes...
you get their pilot lit...they can suck-start
a leaf-blower.God, she's got
the most incredible body...and a pair of titties
make you want to stand up...and beg for buttermilk.Ass like a 10-year-old boy!Ah ha ha ha!Then she must be
really good in bed then, huh?Slow down.
You'll miss the turn.Ah! Whoa! Whoa!See?You and this car
were made for each other.Why fight it?Sure, I got
some other buyers on the line...but I like your style.So, what do you say?Should we start up
the paperwork?Let me think about it.
Hold it for me for a day, OK?Hey. Because it's you.I got today's transcripts.
Not much going on.- Nothing from Simon?
- No.My turn to drive?- Give me the page.
- What are you talking about?This jumps
from page nine to page eleven.- Where's page ten?
- It' s got to be a typo.Give me the goddamn page!OK.Seek help, Harry.Hello?Helen, I need your help.
Can you meet me tonight?- What's happened?
- It' s serious.Meet me on K Street
under the Key Bridge.Eight o'clock sharp.Gotcha.Shit.
It's almost eight o'clock.She's still at the house.The purse is still
at the house.Shit.Unit Two, Unit Seven.
Immediate roll.Acquire subject at K Street
and Key Bridge.Red and white convertible.
You've got six minutes.Wait a minute, man.
Are you out of your mind?You can't pull agents
off a priority surveillance...to follow your wife!It's a misappropriation
of sector resources...and a breach
of national security.You copy, Harry?
You're losing it big-time.- I have to stop you.
- How? By telling?Both of our butts
are on the line here.So your life's in the crapper.So your wife's banging
a used car salesman.It's humiliating, but, damn it,
take it like a man!You tell on me, I tell on you.I' m as clean
as a preacher's sheets.I'm as clean as a baby's...What about the time
you blew a six-week operation...because you were busy
getting a blowjob?You knew about that?Huh.Let's take Franklin.
It's a lot quicker.Quick, get in.
Hurry up. Let's go.Two here.
Suspect, vehicle in sight.One male, one female.Don't be alarmed.If I' m spotted, it'd be best
if they didn't see you.You should keep your head down
till we're out of the city.Here. Let me help you.That's better.OK, now the woman has
her head in the guy's lap...southbound on the Key Bridge.
Two in pursuit.Roger, Two.
One to Condor, you got a visualRoger, One. This is Condor.Subject is in sight.
Repeat. We have the ball.We got a pretty good
lockup on infrared.She's got her head
in his lap, all right.Yahoo.Maybe she's sleepy.OK, this is a safe house.My place in the city
is too hot right now.So is the penthouse in New York.What is it exactly
you need me to do?Helen, I want you
to be my wife.But I' m married!It' s just
for the operation in Paris.I need to be married.They'll be looking
for a man traveling alone.Par-Par...
You want me to go to Paris?Paris,
with a quick stopover in London.Helen, there's
a double agent in my outfit.I don't know who.There's no one
I can trust except you.Can you get away,
just for a couple of days?I just don't know.Of course. I' m rushing you.Forgive me. Sit down.
Make yourself comfortable.Let me pour you
some more wine.OK.I'll do it. I' II do it.You just saved my life.You are incredibly brave.I have to remind myself
of the fear you must be feeling.For me, fear is not an option.Now, in order to pull
this cover story off...we have to look
like two people...who are completely
intimate with each other.The enemy
can spot a fake easily.- You see what I mean?
- I' m sorry.That reaction
could get us both killed.- I' m sorry.
- We can't afford that.No. I' m sorry.Try to relax.It' s just been
a long time...since anybody but Harry's
touched me like that.I know.
It's awkward for me, too.- I' m sorry.
- That's all right.- Just sit back.
- I' m OK.There. That's better.Just let yourself...
slip into the role.Mm-hmm.That's it.There we go.- Just let yourself go.
- Mm-hmm.Yeah. That's good.That's great.That's it. Mmm.No. I can't do this.
I can't do this.What's wrong? It' s OK.No. I cannot do this.
I cannot... do this!If not for me...do it for your country?Aah!Shit!Ohh, God! Don't hurt me!Don't hurt me!
I'll do whatever you want. Oh!Please! I didn't do anything!Oh, no!Ohh!Goddamn it!No!Take her! Take her!Oh, God, don't hurt me!Oh! Ohh! Ow.Son of a bitch! Oh!Sit down.I said sit down.Who do you work for?Um, Stern, Kessler,
Goldstein & Krupnik.I'm just a legal secretary.Sure, Mrs. Tasker.What were you doing with
the international terrorist...Carlos the Jackal,
taking dictation?How long have you been
a member of his faction?I don't know anything
about a faction.I just met Simon...or whoever you say he is...just a couple weeks ago.
I barely know him.That's not what it looked
like when we found you.How did you meet him?Well, ahem...Keep this for me.I can't afford
to be taken with it.What?It' s a matter
of national security.- No.
- Please.It' s important.
I'll contact you.Shit.Why did you
continue to see him?He said he needed my help.Not because
you were attracted to him?No!You were not attracted
to him at all?No.Well, maybe just a little.So, is cheating
a common thing for you?No. Never.You're telling me
this was your first time?I wasn't cheating!Tell me about your husband,
Mrs. Tasker.Harry?L... l- -What can I say
about Harry?I mean, he's a sales rep
for a computer company.So sex with him
isn't waving your flag anymore?That is none
of your goddamn business!What kind of questions
are these?You're in trouble.
I suggest you cooperate.If we want to know
intimate details...about your life,
you'd better tell us.My husband is a good man.But he's not exactly
ringing your bell...Let me handle this part.
Do you mind?Why did you
go to Carlos' hideout?He wanted me to go to
Paris with him on a mission...to... pose as his wife.And you agreed?Why?I don't know.I guess I needed something.What did you need?I needed to feel alive.I just wanted
to do something outrageous.And it felt really good...to be needed.And to be trusted.And to be special.It's just that there's so much
I wanted to do with this life...and it's like
I haven't done any of it.And the sand's running
out of the hourglass...and I wanted to be able
to look back and say..."See? I did that!I was reckless, and I was wild,
and I fucking did it!"Quite frankly, I don't give
a shit whether you understand.This Simon...did you sleep with him?No.She's lying.You mean you did not have
sexual relations with him?Listen, if you're going to
ask me every question twice...this is going to take
a really long time...and I have to get back
to my family.You're not
going anywhere, lady.Just let me out of here!Answer the question.Answer the question!No!I did not...sleep... with him!Calm down, please.You hear me,
you chickenshit bastard?Calm down.She could be
telling the truth.Calm down, Mrs. Tasker.Calm down, please.I' ve only
one more question, Mrs. Tasker.What?Do you...still love your husband?Yes, I love him.I've always loved him.And I will always love him.She loves you! Now what?There's only one solution
to your problem, Mrs. Tasker.You must work for us.What are you doing, Harry?Just giving her
a little assignment.You gotta be shitting me!She wants an adventure.
I'm going to give her one.I'm offering you a choice.If you work for us,
we will drop the charges...and you can go back
to your normal life.If not, you will go
to a federal prison...and your husband and daughter...will be left
humiliated and alone.Your life will be destroyed.Oh. Gee. Hmm.Let me think.Yes or no?Of course yes.What's involved?You will be contacted
with the assignment.The code name
of your contact will be Boris.And your code name will be...- Natasha?
- No.Doris.Pricks!You son of a bitch.Did you think you could
elude us forever, Carlos?You got the wrong guy.
My name's Simon!Just let me go.
There's no need to kill me.I haven't seen your face...
Don't! Don't!I didn't see it!
I didn't see it!It's you!Hey, you still interested
in that 'Vette at all?Hey, Carlos. The game's over.Your career as an international
terrorist is well -documented.- No!
- Oh, yeah!Oh, no!
I sell cars. That's all!Come on.
I'm not a terrorist!I'm actually a complete coward.If I ever saw a gun... Oh, God!Oh, please, don't!
Don't! Don't kill me!I'm not a spy.I'm nothing!I'm navel lint!I have to lie to women
to get laid!And I don't score much.I got a little dick.
It's pathetic!Oh! Oh, God.Oh!
Would a spy pee himself? Huh?Oh, God!Please, I' m not worth a bullet.
Oh, mercy, sir.Get the fuck outta here, huh?Just beat it. Go on.No! Soon as I turn,
you're gonna shoot me!You're gonna shoot me!Please, you can
have the car for free.What do you say, huh?Get lost, dipshit.So, last night must've
been pretty exciting for you.Um... my flat tire?Actually,
it was a little scary...because the tow truck driver
took such a long time.I'll get it.Hello?Doris?Um...Um, yes?Yes?Listen carefully.In exactly one hour,
go to the Hotel Marquis.Pick up an envelope
marked "Doris"...at the front desk
and dress sexy.What?Hello?No, no. Turn around.Do it doucement.Do it very slowly.You've reached a new
all -time low with this one.I can't believe you're crazy
enough to use the suite.Do you think I can afford
a suite on my salary?- Is Jean-Claude done yet?
- Hang on.Who wrote this shit... Harry?C'est la merde.It' s going great.Hi. Do you have
an envelope for Doris?This is Doris.You are
a prostitute named Michelle.Go to the room.
There will be a man there.He is a suspected arms dealer.Now, wait a minute.You don't expect me
to, uh... you know.No.
He has particular tastes.He likes to watch.Tell him that
his regular girl Carla is sick.If he likes you,
he will tell you what to do.You must plant the bug
near the telephone by the bed...before you leave.If you do not
complete your mission...the deal is off.I'm gonna go to hell.Hello?Hello.Have some champagne.Come in here.My name is Michelle.Carla thought you'd like me.Let me do the talking.You may start
by unzipping your dress.No, no.Turn around.Do it doucement.Do it very slowly.Good.Now slip the dress down slowly.Good.Now slide your nylons off...one by one.I'm not wearing any.That's good.Now, dance for me.No, no, no.Dance sexy.Let your hands
be your lover's hands...on your own skin as you move.It's extreme self-pityAnd frozen fear'Cause I want you with meAnd you're not hereSo I rub my nose in it, babeTill the roses
smell just like deathI'm all alone
in the dark now, babyI'm all aloneIn the dark now, babyI'm all aloneDrawing whiskey breathAlone in the darkI'm all alone in the darkSince the night that you leftI just couldn't stand
myself anywayI'm all alone
in the dark now, babyI'm all alone
in the dark now, babyI'm all alone,
drawing whiskey breathI'm all alone
in the dark now, babyI'm all aloneNow lie
on the bed and close your eyes.I thought
you only liked to watch.Now lie on the bed
and close your eyes.Oh...Aah!You pig!Bastard!Helen. Helen.
Wait, wait, wait.Harry?Yes, it's Harry.I know it looks bad,
but I can explain.Nobody move!Don't move!Helen, just don't do anything.No! I' m the one you want!Shut up!Quiet, Helen. Do what they say.Guys, let the hooker go.
She's not important.You don't need her.Harry,
please just let me handle this.Shut up!What were you doing there?You wouldn't believe me
if I told you.Talk again, I' II kill you!Harry.I wish I could say it's
nice to see you again, Juno.You know her?You know, this shade's
totally wrong for you.So who's your little friend?I'm Helen Tasker.
Harry is my husband.And you are?So now it's Tasker,
not Renquist.She's just some
wacko hooker I met at the bar.What is the matter
with you?Just tell her the truth.We are married,
and we have a daughter.I don't know
what the crazy bitch is on...but you should cut her loose
so we can get down to business.Oh, yeah?
Where did I get this then, huh?Where did I get this?Something before takeoff?Ow!That hurt, you b...She was telling the truth,
wasn't she, Harry?She really doesn't know.How interesting.Bring them.Incredible, aren't they?I call them The Four Horsemen.They're warrior figures...from the Persian Empire
of Darius I, around 500 B.C.They're absolutely priceless.Pity.Wait! Wait!Open it.Do you know what this is?I know what this is.This is an espresso machine.No, no, no.It's a snow-cone maker.
That's what it is.Is it a water heater?Do you know
why you've been brought here?So that this man
can verify to the world...the Crimson Jihad
is now a nuclear power.How can he do that?He is just a salesman,
for Christ's sake.You're wrong about him.The last thing you will see...will be your blood
spraying across his face.It's a Soviet MIR V-6...from an SS-22N launch vehicle.The warhead contains
14.5 kilograms...of enriched uranium
with a plutonium trigger.The nominal yield
is 30 kilotons.What can I say?I'm a spy.You bastard!
You lying son of a bitch!Sorry, honey.Don't you call me honey!You don't ever
get to call me honey again!You understand me, you pig?I can verify
that they have the arming box...and all the equipment necessary
to detonate all four warheads.You have killed our women
and our children...bombed our cities from afar
like cowards...and you dare
to call us terrorists?Now the oppressed have been
given a mighty sword...with which to strike back
at their enemies.Unless you, America,
pulls all military forces...out of the Persian Gulf area
immediately and forever...Crimson Jihad will rain fire...on one major U.S. City each week
until our demands are met.First, we will detonate
one weapon...on this uninhabited island as
a demonstration of our power...and Crimson Jihad's willingness
to be humanitarian.However, if these demands
are not met...Crimson Jihad will rain fire...on one major American city
each week...Battery, Aziz.Get another one, you moron.- I think I have...
- Shh. Shh.In the truck.- Yahrayis?
- What?Look at this.That's not mine.Nice transmitter.Miami tower,
Jet Star 6479 Delta on final.We'll be on the ground
in 12 minutes.Tell those DEA boys...to have the helos hot
and ready to fly in 12 minutes.Signal' s definitely
stopped moving.It's an island in the keys
out past Marathon.We lost the signal.Shit!All right, everyone.
This is Samir.For 50 points, see if
you can guess his specialty.Oral hygiene?Not exactly.Harry, what's going on?Samir's going to ask Harry
a few questions.We're not even sure
which agency Harry works for.Now, Samir's
absolutely first-class.On the other hand,
we have Harry here...who's managed
to lie convincingly...to the woman he loves
for 15 years.So it'll be interesting
to see how long he can resist.This will help.You know, you should
swab that with alcohol.I might get an infection.I'll return
when this has taken effect.Then we'll talk.I'm looking forward to it.Now why are you helping
these raving psychotics?Because they're very well -funded
raving psychotics...and I' m getting a lot of money.What, you think I care
about their cause?Or yours?Not at all.You're damaged goods, lady.Did you tell her
about us, Harry?There is no "us,"
you psychopathic bitch.Oh, sure.Say that now.Thanks for everything, Harry.It wasn't bad while it lasted.Let's go.You two stay here.There was nothing.I swear.What did they give you?Sodium amytal
or some other truth agent.It makes you tell the truth?Mm-hmm.Is it working?Ask me a question
that I normally would lie to.Are we going to die?Yep.I'd say it's working.They'll shoot us
in the head...or torture us to death...or they'll leave us here
until the bomb blows up...Harry!How long have you
been a spy, Harry?Seventeen years.Have you ever killed anyone?Yeah, but they were all bad.Is there anything
you want to tell me...before we start?Yeah.I'm going to kill you
pretty soon.I see.How, exactly?First, I' m going to use you
as a human shield...then I' m going to kill
this guard over there...with the Patterson trocar
on the table...and then I was thinking
about breaking your neck.And what makes you think
you can do all that?You know my handcuffs?Mmm.I picked them.Let's get out of here.Come on!Harry!Drop the gun!Honey...next time, duck.Let's go.I married Rambo.What are they doing?Uh-oh.It is done.In 90 minutes...a ball of holy fire...will light up the skies...to show to the world...that we speak the truth.We are set on our course.No force can stop us now.We are cool, we are badasses,
blah, blah, blah, blah.If we're on an island,
why are they using trucks?We must be in the Florida Keys.The Overseas Highway...connects all the islands
to the mainland.There's no borders, no customs.They can go anywhere in the U.S.There's nothing to stop them.Just us.Here. Take this.Oh, shit.Shoot!Shit!Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!Ohh!Whoa!Shit!Shit!Yes!Let's go.Ohh.
My condolences to the widow.We may need the hostage.OK, let's go, Suzy Homemaker.Hurry up!Just get her in the car.
Let's get going.I thought this
looked like your work.Let's go.
I'll brief you in the air.You're welcome.Let's go. Let's get out of here!Let's go. Come on!You tell that son of a bitch...this is a Bright Boy Alert.I repeat... a Bright Boy Alert.This is not a drill.
Do you understand that?All right. Hold on.Put me through
to the White House.No, the minimum
safe distance is 12 miles.Get the Marine Patrol
in right away.I want the Coast Guard
and the Sheriff's Department.Anyone that cannot
make that distance...you gotta get 'em out by air.OK. You've got exactly
34 minutes.Wait one.I can get two Marine Corps
Harriers here in 11 minutes.They're on maneuvers
outside of N.A.S. Key West.Get them.
I'll brief them on the way in.Send 'em in right away.Would you like one?I want the State Police
driving through the streets...on their damn loudspeakers.Hey, here they come.Lime 0-1's got a tally...on three trucks
eastbound on the bridge.Roger, Lime 0-1.
You're clear to engage.In hot with guns.Let's get some.OK, Marines,
it's time to kick ass.Recommend using your Mavericks
to take out the bridge.Roger that. Lime flight,
switch Mavericks.Two.These missiles won't
set off those nukes, will they?Negative.
That's a negative, Lime 0-1.Fire.- Bingo!
- Good shooting, Marines.Aah!Aah!Aah!Aah!Hello.I' II kill you!Aah!Aah!It' s out of control.Looks like somebody
capped the driver.Bitch!Like one?How about two?Get down to the limo!Come on. Take it down.
Let's go!Get down!Take it down. All right.Harry?Harry!The bridge is out!What?The bridge is out!I can't hear you!What?Oh, God!The bridge is out!The bridge is out!Harry!Harry, come on! Come on!Speed up a little bit.Get down there.Come on! Hurry!Hurry, Harry!Grab my hand!Come back! Harry!To the right.I can't reach! Get lower!Lower! Harry!Let's go! Hold on!Hold on really tight.Harry!Harry!Oh, come back!Pull up, pull up, pull up!Grab my hand! Do it!I can't reach!Come down!Oh, God, Harry!Harry!Oh, shit.Come on, baby.Ooooaaaaahhhh!Hold on!I got you!Hold on tight!Harry!OK, let's get
this thing on the ground.Whoo!Let's get these aircraft
on the ground, gentlemen.We got a nuclear bomb
going off in about one minute.Any minute now. Go, go, go.Come here. Give me a bullhorn.All right, everybody,
it's showtime.Do not look at the flash!
Do not look at the flash!Get down over there.We should be safe here.Tsk, tsk.This is the wrong finger.Harry. Hey, Harry, come here!- Go to work.
- OK.Bye.OK. All right.Listen, Aziz's copter
landed about 20 minutes ago...on top a high-rise
in downtown Miami.It' s right here.He rendezvoused with about
a dozen faction members...and they're holed up
on the twentieth floor.I got S.W.A.T. Down there...and the cops cordoned off
the area.Harry, they got a hostage.
It's Dana.What do you mean? My Dana?I' m real sorry, Harry.
I don't know what to say.I guess he grabbed her
in the middle of the night.We just found out.But don't worry.
We'll get her back.I've already got a guy inside.Harry, listen.
We're going to get her back.Here we go.Excuse me, Captain.- I got to borrow your plane.
- Excuse me, sir?You were cleared to give us
total cooperation, right?Yes, sir, but...That comes directly
from the Presidentof these United States.But, sir, you'll have
to sign for this aircraft.I' II sign. You got a pen?
You take care of it.Harry, do you realize
it has been 10 years...since you've been behind
the wheel of one of these?If I break it,
they can take it out of my pay.Harry, listen,
we got a guy on the inside.Whoa!Got to move back, everybody. Go!All right, everybody,
it's going to be all right!He's got hundreds of hours
in the Harrier there.He is a little rusty now...but that's a trademark
Tasker takeoff.It's like riding a bike.
You never forget, really.We might want
to seek shelter!Sorry.Fuck!The streets are filled
with running people...as the police
try to evacuate the buildings.They're firing again.Appear to be
shooting wildly into the air.These seem to be warning shots.So far, they have not fired
at us or the police.This apparently
is the same group...which just detonated a nuclear
bomb in the Florida Keys.Crimson Jihad
will rain fire...on one major U.S. City each week
until our demands are met.This tape was released
to the media...just minutes
after the terrorists...I have to go to the bathroom.We'll repeat the tape
in just a few moments...following this live report
from the scene.Hold your fire!
Hold your fire!The video crew
you wanted is here!Send them!They're coming in.
They're unarmed.Come on. Let's go.Go.This is a communique
from Crimson Jihad.This is a communique
from Crimson Jihad.You have seen a demonstration
of our power.Do not force us
to destroy this city...and do not try to use
force against us.L... we... are all
prepared to die.With one turn of that key...two million of your people
will die instantly.- What key?
- That key!Who's taken the key?Shoot her!Holy shit!Whoa.Unit One to Unit Seven.
Give me a situation report.One to Seven. Give me a sit rep.Faisil, do you copy?Seven here.
Twenty-first floor secure.About twelve faction members
on the twentieth floor.No hostages there.- Where's Dana?
- She's on the roof.OK. Stay put.Give me that address again.You shoot me, this'll fall!Stay where you are!Stay where you are!Give me the key!I'll drop it, I swear!No!Give me the key.Come on, child.You don't want to die, do you?Give me the key...and you won't get hurt.I give you my word!No way, you wacko!Help me!Please don't come
any closer!Aah!Help me! Help me!Somebody!Help me!Help me, please!Help me, somebody!Help!Dana, jump down!Come on down. Jump down.Dad?Help me!Daddy!Daddy! Come back!Daddy, get me down!Daddy!Dana, jump!Jump! Daddy will catch you!- Jump!
- I can't!- Jump!
- I can't!Hold on. Hold on!Arrr!Daddy, don't you
let me fall, please!- Daddy!
- Dana, I got you!I' m slipping!No, Dana!Help me! I' m gonna fall!Hold my hand!Hold on tight, honey.Yaah!Ahh!Daddy, he's behind you!Take this plane down now!I'll kill her!Take it down now!Ohh!My God, do something!Huh?You're fired.Aah!Aah!- Aah!
- Aah!It' s OK.Dana.Honey.It's over.Hi, pumpkin.Just seconds after
the jet landed...the unidentified pilot
was escorted from the scene...by federal agents.Though it is unclear
which agency was responsible...for the operation which ended
the terrorist threat...so dramatically
early this morning...we've learned
from Miami police...One...No, wait. Stop.
Just begin. Now watch.It's not just one.OK, ready? Do it properly.One...One, two, three, four...I declare a thumb war.Five, six, seven, eight...try to keep your thumb straight.Stop it!You don't wait!I got you.Just listen.
Listen to the rules.One, two...No. Just start over.Hello?Boris and Doris?We're on.Yes? Go ahead.Colonel,
how nice to see you again.Good evening.Who's that?Doo doo...Doo doo doo doo...What's the scoop, team?You see your contact yet?Haven't seen him yet.But I see somebody
I'd like to say hello to.Let me pour you
some more champagne.I got to keep up
the waiter bit.These stakeouts
can be tricky.You never know
when things might explode...into a life or death situation.If it gets rough...just stay low until it's over,
and I' II contact you later.Maybe you should
give me your tel- -So, we meet again, Carlos.Yuh!Honey, I' m just going
to do him right here, OK?Go for it.Oh, God.Fear is not an option.Dance?- Oh, no.
- Tango.Oh, shit. Here we go.Harry, Helen?Guys?Come on, now.
Let's not get distracted.We got some work to do.All right, guys. Come on.You guys better get
serious in there.I'd be serious
if I was in there.Don't ignore me, Harry.That's rude.All right, guys. Come on.National security, guys.
Come on.Life and death.Harry.Harry.Helen?Helen, I was always
on your side.I was always
there for you, Helen.You know what?I'm sick of being in the van.You guys are going to be
in the van next time.I been in the van
for 15 years, Harry.It's getting near dawnAnd the light
falls on tired eyesI'll soon be with you, my loveAnd give you my dawn surpriseI'll stay with you, darling, nowI'll stay with youTill my seeds are dried upHeyI've been waiting so longI've been waiting so longI've been waiting so longTo be where I' m goingIn the sunshine of your loveOh, yeahYourLoveYeahHeh heh hehHeh heh heh heh heh heh