[baby crying]This is Mr. Mathison.
He's a doctor.Are you OK?An ambulance is on the way.Thank you.Is there a name yet?Elijah.[baby crying loudly]Is he supposed to be
crying like this?May I?Shh, shh, shh, shh...[baby continues crying]Can I have him back?What happened during
the delivery?Nothing. It was very quick.The baby just wanted
to come right out.There were no problems.Did you drop him?What?Did you drop this baby?Jesus Christ, no.Inform the ambulance
that we have a situation.- All right.
- Ma'am.I've never seen... this.It appears that your baby
has sustained some fractureswhile inside your uterus.His arms and his legs
are broken.[sobbing][music playing][man over PA] This is Eastrail 177.Next stop, Philadelphia.[girl humming][door closes][woman] Are you alone?- Yeah.
- Yeah.[train enters tunnel]Someone left this magazine.Want to take a look at it?Can I take a look at that one?Thanks.You like sports?It's my field.I represent athletes.
I'm an agent.Are you looking for any male
synchronized swimmers?I'm thinking about getting
into that.Is that right?I'm afraid of water.
Think that's a problem?You represent someone
in Philadelphia?I'm meeting this player
from Temple University.He's a cornerback.This kid is 6'1", 210 pounds.He runs a 40 in 4.3 seconds.
He's gonna be a god.Do you like football?Not really.I'm David Dunn.- Kelly.
- Hi.Hi, nice to meet you.Nice... Nice to meet you.How long are you gonna be
in Philadelphia?I'm married.Great.I'm sorry.What are you talking about?I think you misunderstood.What I was......saying...
- I know.I think I'm going to find
another seat.I... I didn't mean...[train whistle blowing][train whistle continues][train rattling][commercial jingle playing]That's what he fail to realize.
I look classy, not trashy.I look classy too.What about me?
Don't I look classy?But I'm afraid you
forgot... this!And this![man] Where has you been, Banana?[man 2] Now I've got you, Weasel.[man 3] Some cars are
still on fire,and the debris is everywhere.We are not sure at this timehow rescue personnel will be
able to get on scene at all.[man 4] If you're just tuning in,Eastrail train number 177
has derailed outside Philadelphia.We're bringing you
live coverage from Skycam 4.[man 3] That appears to be a rescue
ambulance. There are more behind it.I can see on the access road.I don't know how close they're
gonna be able to get, David.These are woods and... trees.It's gonna be a very difficult
rescue effort.- [monitor beeping]
- [labored breathing][man] Hack some of that off.Hi.I'm Dr. Dubin.You're in the emergency room
in the Philadelphia City Hospital.You were in a serious accident.Look at me.How are you feeling?- OK.
- Good.I'm gonna ask you some questions.Have you ever had any heart
or asthma problems in the past?No.Kidney or renal problems?No.Any allergies?No.[monitor beeps faster]Where were you sitting
on the train?- Against the window.
- In the passenger car?Yeah.Where are the other passengers?Was your family traveling
with you?No.Did you get up from your seat?Are you certain
you were in the passenger car?Yes.Why are you looking at me
like that?Your train derailed.Some kind of malfunction.They only found
two people alive so far.You and this man.His skull was cracked open,and most of his left side
was crushed.And to answer your question,
there are two reasonswhy I'm looking at you like this.One, because it seems,
in a few minutes,that you will officially be
the only survivor of this train wreck.- And two...
- [monitor beeping rapidly]...because you didn't
break one bone.You don't have a scratch on you.David?What happened......in New York?I don't think I got the job.I'm still going...I'm still moving there.Just...Oh, just... just not now.Good night.Good night.[church bells tolling]Sara Elaston, social worker
at Broad and Locust Community Center.We pray for your soul.Kevin Elliot, businessman,
father of six.We pray for your soul.Glen Stevens,researcher in the area
of leukemiaat Drexel University.We pray for your soul.Jennifer Pennyman,third-grade teacher
at Jefferson Elementary.[trailing off] We pray
for your soul.[church bells][men chattering, laughing]Yes?Is Noel in, ma'am?No, sir, he is not.I read about you in the paper.What?I was in an accident once too.A horse almost
trampled me to death.- Wow.
- Had him put down.That's a sad story.Could you ask Noel
something for me, please?Proceed.Ask him to check
how many sick days I've taken- since I've worked here?
- That the entire message?Yes, ma'am.Thank you.- [rain falling]
- [people shouting][thunder rumbling][quarterback calling out][whistle blows]Hey, Noel.What, you hit your head
on that train?Get your brain to start
working again?What?Forty dollars.- Forty dollars what?
- You're getting a $40-a-week raise.That's it.I checked. You were right.You've never taken a sick day.Five years, no sick day.
I get it. You want a raise.Smart way to make your point.[knock on door]Is Joseph OK?Yeah. He's asleep.Oh.Uh...I wanted to ask you a question.It's gonna sound a little strange,but just think about it
for a second, OK?OK.When's the last time I was sick?Do you remember?Um, I don't know.It's been a while.I haven't been sick this year,
I know that.OK.Do you remember me getting sick?Um...Not a specific day.What... what's this about?Audrey, do you remember me
ever getting sick?In the three years
we lived in this house?In the old apartment?Before Joseph was born?
Before we ever got married?I... I can't remember.Don't you think that's
kind of weird,not remembering one cold
or a fever or a sore throat?What do you think it means?Um...I think it means probably
too tired to remember.[footsteps approaching]No more sitting in this room.I let it go on long enough.I'm not going out there anymore.
I'm not getting hurt again.- This was the last time, I told you.
- You can't do anything about that.You might fall between
this chair and that television.If that's what God has planned
for you, that's gonna happen.You can't hide from it
sitting in a room.They call me Mr. Glass
at schoolbecause I break like glass.You make this decision now......to be afraid......and you will never turn back.Your whole life,
you will always be afraid.- I got a present for you.
- Why?Forget why.You want it or not?Well, go get it, then.Where is it?On a bench......across the street.[children chattering]Someone's gonna take it.Then you better
get out there soon.[laughing, shouting]I bought a whole bunch.There'll be one of these
waiting for youevery time you want
to come out here.They say this one
has a surprise ending.This is from Fritz Campion's
own library.This is before the first issue of
the comic book hit the stands in 1968.It's a classic depiction
of good versus evil.Notice the square jaw of Slayer,common in most comic heroes.And the slightly disproportionate size
of Jaguaro's head to his body.This again is common,
but only in villains.Mmm.The thing to notice about
this piece,the thing that makes it
very, very specialis its realistic depiction
of its figures.When the characters
reached the magazine,they were exaggerated......as always happens.This... is vintage.Well......wrap it up.You've made
a considerably wise decision.Well, my kid's gonna go berserk.Once again, please?My son Jeb, it's a gift for him.- How old is Jeb?
- He's four.No.No,no,ho,no,no.You need to go. Now.[scoffs]What... what'd I say?Do you see any Teletubbies
in here?Do you see
a slender plastic tagclipped to my shirt
with my name printed on it?An Asian child with a blank
expression sitting outsidein a mechanical helicopter that shakes
when you put quarters in it?No?Well, that's what you see
at a toy store,and you must think
you're in a toy storebecause you're here shopping
for an infant named Jeb.Now one of us
has made a gross errorand wasted the other person's
valuable time.This is an art gallery,
my friend,and this......is a piece of art.We're by appointment only.- I got a card from this store.
- Congratulations, you have a mailbox.The exhibition isn't for two weeks.This one was under the
windshield wiper of my car.How certain are you
that you've never taken ill?Seventy-five percent.Well......that's not certain
at all, is it?That's hole number one.I'm going to be extremely
skeptical about all this.[David] About all what?I'm assuming you've never been injured.
Would I be wrong in that assumption?[Joseph] Dad's been injured.Is the child correct?Yes, sir.In college, I was in a car accident.- Was it serious?
- He couldn't play football anymore.That's hole number two.That's a big one.Mr. Price, can we talk about the note
that you left on my car?I've studied the form
of comics intimately.I've spent a third of my life
in a hospital bedwith nothing else to do but read.I believe comics are our last linkto an ancient way
of passing on history.The Egyptians drew on the walls.Countries all over the world still pass
on knowledge through pictorial forms.I believe comics
are a form of historythat someone somewhere
felt or experienced.Then, of course, those experiences
and history got chewed upin the commercial machine,
got jazzed up, made titillating,cartooned for the sale rack.This city has seen its share
of disasters.I watched the aftermath
of that plane crash.I watched the carnage
of the hotel fire.I watched the news waiting to heara very specific combination of words,
but they never came.Then one day I saw a news story
about a train accident,and I heard them."There is a sole survivor,and he is miraculously unharmed."I have something called
osteogenesis imperfecta.It's a genetic disorder. I don't make
a particular protein very well,and it makes my bones
very low in density.Very easy to break.I've had 54 breaks in my life,and I have the tamest version
of this disorder, type one.There are type two,
type three, type four.Type fours don't last very long.So that's how it popped
into my head.If there is someone like me
in the world,and I'm at one end of the spectrum,couldn't there be someone else
the opposite of me at the other end?Someone who doesn't get sick,who doesn't get hurt
like the rest of us?And he probably
doesn't even know it.The kind of person
these stories are about.A person put here
to protect the rest of us.To guard us.You think my dad's a real...I don't think anything right now.It's a possibility......one with many holes.Joseph, don't take another sip
of that water.Go throw it in the trash.- But, Dad...
- Do it now, please.[door opens]I see guys like you
all the time in my work.[door closes]You find someone
you want to take advantage of,you tell them a fantastic story,and somewhere in there
you say it:"I just need
your credit card number......a small down payment."This morning was the first morning
I could rememberthat I didn't open my eyes
and feel......sadness.I thought the person who wrote
that note had an answer for me.[door opens][footsteps approach]I'm gonna leave now.Good luck with your exhibition.So, what kind of job
do you have, David?You said you've met guys like me
in your work.What exactly is it that you do?I work at the university stadium.
I'm a security guard.[door opens][knock on door][knocking continues]Hi.I've come to a decision.OK.I just want to ask you
something, OK?And you can be totally honest.I'm prepared for any answer,
and it won't affect me.Have you been with anyone?I mean, since we've been
having problems.The answer won't affect me.I just need to know, you know?It won't affect me either way.No.[inhales sharply][sobbing] Sorry, David. Sorry.Anyway......my decision is...[sniffles]...that I want to start again.That I want it to be like it was
in the beginning.And it's a big deal that you
walked away from that train.I feel like it's a second chance.And if you feel like
asking me out sometime,it'd be OK.OK.- [marching band playing]
- [man speaking indistinctly on PA]- [man on walkie-talkie] Dunn.
- Go for Dunn.It's Jenkins.Look, we got a guy over
at gate 17-C with a bogus ticket.Says he knows you.
He won't tell me his name.What's he look like?Why is it, do you think,that, of all the professions
in the world, you chose protection?You are a very strange man.You could have been a tax accountant,
owned your own gym,opened a chain of restaurants.
You could've done one of 10,000 things,but in the end,
you chose to protect people.You made that decision,and I find that
very, very interesting.Now all I need is
your credit card number.That last part was a joke.[David chuckles]You're a big sports fan, are you?It's starting to intrigue me.It gets heaviest
ten minutes before kickoff.[man] Program here. Program.Program.Program.- Rich, why don't we pat down?
- Right.- Just give me a minute.
- ls there a problem?I'm sorry, I'm gonna
have to search you.The tall guy in
the camouflage jacket.Sometimes people
carry weapons in here,and they drink too much.If the team's not doing good,
bad things can happen.We do pat-downs of the crowd
to discourage people from carrying.If he's carrying,
he'll step out of line.Yeah, step right up here.[coughs][David] OK.I got you a seat
up in the yellow section.It's in the nosebleeds,but at least you won't get spit on.All right.How'd you know that guy you bumped
was carrying a weapon?I don't know.Maybe it was that camouflage
army jacket he was wearing.Those guys like to carry
hunting knives and stuff for show.You thought
he was carrying a knife?I thought he was
carrying something, yeah.But not a knife.I got a......picture of a silver gun
with a black griptucked in his pants.You know, like on TV.You have good instincts
for things like that?Like what?Knowing when people
have done something wrong.Yeah.Have you ever tried to develop it?I don't know what you're asking me.Your skill.Look, I got to be down
on the sidelines during the game.You can get to your seat
right down...Characters in comics are often
attributed special powers...Invisibility, X-ray vision,
things of that sort.OK.I don't want to play
this game anymore.It's an exaggeration of the truth.Maybe it's based on something
as simple as instinct.But he might not have been
carrying anything.But he might have been
carrying a silver gunwith a black grip tucked
in his pants.[man on walkie-talkie] Dunn.I gotta go-Yeah, I know. I'll be right down.- One last question.
- What?That car accident you were in.
Was there anyone else involved?Yeah. My wife Audrey.She was in the car with me.Have a good life, Elijah.Next time, try to buy your tickets
at an authorized sales location.[chatter on walkie-talkie]I'm on my way.[engine turns over][man on radio] ...into the
investigation of train 177being conducted at the Eastrail
holding warehouses.The city council has stepped up
plans to pass a billrequiring higher standards
for inspection and maintenanceof all rail transportation in
Philadelphia and its outlying districts.Hold up a second!I just want to ask you something.- [bones cracking]
- [Elijah screaming][crying][gasping][Joseph] Dad!Hey, Dad!Dad!Joseph, do you know how mad
your mother would be- if she knew you were playing football?
- Are you gonna tell?You want to play last set of downs?
We got a big guy like you.You could play on opposite sides.He's Potter's cousin.He's starting cornerback
at Temple University.He's going pro in the draft.They say he can run
the 40 in 4.3 seconds.I've heard.You can beat him, Dad.
Let's beat 'em.I'm gonna go in.Just one set of downs.
I told them you were great.- Why'd you do that?
- Just one.I'm gonna go in.
I've got some things to do.- What things?
- I'm gonna work out.- I'll help you.
- I don't need...I can't play, guys!
I'm working outwith my dad!Hut! You're doing good.Right there! Catch![Gregg Allman: Midnight Rider]How much did you put on there?You put too much.
That's 250 pounds.How much can you lift?That's the most I ever lifted.That could've been dangerous, Joseph.Why don't you go upstairs now
and let me finish up, OK?I'll take it off.
I'll help you right.You think you could have
beaten up Bruce Lee?No.- I mean, if you knew karate.
- No.What if he wasn't allowed to kick,
and you were really mad at him?No, Joseph.[grunts]How much did you take off?I lied.You added?How much is it?Two hundred and seventy pounds.Let's put more.OK.Why don't you move back a little
just to be safe, OK?[grunts, exhales]More?You should never do
anything like this.You know that, right?What do you do
if something bad happens?Get Mom.Right.How much did you put
on that time?All of it.What else can we use?[David grunting]How much is it?How much is it, Dad?About 350 pounds.[doctor] Fracture
of the fifth metacarpal,as well as multiple fractures of
the sixth, seventh and eighth ribs.The worst of the injurywas sustained to the right leg
in the form of a spiral fracture.There were 14 breaks.
It simply shattered.They call me Mr. Glass.- [doctor] Who does?
- Kids.[doctor] Are you all right, Mr. Price?
Shall I continue?Pins were placed throughout
the length of the leg.The use of a wheelchair will be
needed for a two-month period.The use of crutches will follow
for 12 to 14 months.Hospital stay will range
from five to eight daysfollowed by nine to 12 months
of physical therapy.Prescribed medication
for pain managementwill take the usual forms
of morphine drip, Percocet, Darvocet.Your 10:00 is here. The hospital
discharged him this morning.Thanks.Elijah, right?We're gonna prevent
any substantial atrophyof your good leg with this,
and it works your quadriceps.How long have you been married?Twelve years.How'd you get together?[nervous chuckle]I'm a little nervous being here.I ask too many questions
when I'm nervous.A car accident.Oh.Now you're gonna have
to tell me more.[chuckles softly]My husband
was a star athlete in college,and we were
in an accident together.Our car flipped on an icy road,
we were both injured.He couldn't play football anymore.
If that hadn't happened,we wouldn't have been together.How so?I think we should
talk about your rehab.You don't have to answer
if you don't want to.So tell me more
about the quad machine.It prevents atrophy by...
I couldn't spend my lifewith someone who played football.
It's pretty much that simple.I don't hate the game. I admire
the amount of skill it involves.Like everyone else, I was in awe
of the way he played it,but football, in many ways,
is the opposite of what I do.You're rewarded the more
you punish your opponent.It's too much about violence,
and I don't want violence in my life.It's not a thing many people
can understand, but...Anyway, fate stepped in
with that car accidentand took football
out of the equation.And everyone lived happily ever after.Sort of.What part of David's
body was injured?Who said my husband's name
was David?- [marching band playing]
- [cheering]- Let's just go to our seats, OK?
- [man on PA] Ladies and gentlemen...[man continues indistinctly on PA]In the first half...[boy shouting, echoing] No![Elijah] A 737 crashes on takeoff,172 die, no survivors.A hotel fire downtown,211 die, no survivors.An Eastrail train derails seven
and a half miles outside the city,131 die,one survivor.He is unharmed.I've spoken with your husband
about his survival.I suggested a rather
unbelievable possibility.Since then, I've come
to believe that possibility,however unbelievable,
is now more a probability.And what was it you suggested?These are mediocre times,
Mrs. Dunn.People are starting to lose hope.
It's hard for many to believethere are extraordinary things
inside themselves as well as others.I hope you can keep
an open mind.- [crowd] Defense!
- [drumbeat][man] OK, here you go.Thanks a lot.Excuse me, sir?Can you step out of line, please?We've been having problems with people
selling drugs here in the stadium.Would you mind
if I check your pockets?Raise your arms, please.Come on, raise them up.I just got here, man.Can I put my hands down now?Can I go?Yeah.Hope you find them.[man on walkie-talkie] Yo, Dunn.Yeah.I just came into the office.
Your kid was hurt.- Where is he?
- Some play rehearsal at school.He wants you
to come down there.Is that your dad?I bet my dad
could beat up your dad.No. He...
he insisted we call only you,though we had some trouble
tracking you down.I mean, you're not on our list.- Audrey handles this type of stuff.
- Oh, what type of stuff?Joseph stuff.Do I need to put any smelly
ointment on him or anything?No, no. It's more
emotional damage,not... not too serious, physically.Nothing like when I sent you
to the hospital.When was that?My office was on the other side
of the building back then.You don't remember me, do you?No, ma'am.I had red hair.Well, you were a little younger
than Joseph when it happened.Did you know that we changedthe rules of conduct
around the pool because of you?The kids still tell about it
like it was some sort of ghost story."Did you know there was a kid
nearly drowned in that pool?He lay on the bottom of the pool
for five minutes,and when they pulled him out,
he was dead."We let them tell it.
it helps keep them safe.You still phobic of water?[Joseph] It was Potter
and another guy.They were messing with this
Chinese girl in the dressing room.You can't let bad things happen
to good people, right?That's your code, right?That's the hero's code.I tried to make them stop,
but they kept pushing me down,and they wouldn't let
me get back up.I thought maybe
'cause you're my dad......I thought I might be like you.I'm not like you.You are like me.We can both get hurt.- I'm just an ordinary man.
- No, you're not.Why do you keep saying that?[Audrey] Elijah Price came
to visit me at the center today.Jesus.He didn't do anything.
He just......told me his theory.That's sad,
when patients get like that.They lose reality.[Stevie Ray Vaughan: Pride and Joy]Joseph, what the hell
are you doing?Oh, my God.You don't believe. I'll show
you, you can't get hurt.That gun's not loaded. He doesn't know
where I keep the bullets.In your Rookie of the Year trophy.Joseph, did you load that gun?You won't get hurt.- Elijah was wrong.
- When did he meet Elijah?- He was with me when I met him.
- No one believes him.Joseph, listen to me.Sometimes when people
get sick or hurtfor a long time, like Elijah,
their mind gets hurt too,and they start to think things
that aren't true.He told me what he thought
about your father. it isn't true.I'll show you.Do you remember the story
about the boythat almost drowned in the pool?That was me they were
talking about. I almost died.- You're lying.
- I'm not lying.I just didn't remember it.You know your father was injured in
college. You know. You know about that.Don't do it.- He'll die, Joseph.
- I'll just shoot him once.Joseph, listen to what your mot...Don't be scared.Joseph,if you pull that trigger,
I'm going to leave.Do you understand?
I'm going to go to New York.You're right.If you pull that trigger,
that bullet will bounce off me,and I'm not going to be hurt,
but then I'm going to go upstairsand I'm going to pack and
I'm going to leave for New York.Why?Because I thought we were just
starting to be friends for real,and friends will listen to each other.
They don't...And they don't shoot each other,
do they, Audrey?No shooting friends, Joseph.Joseph......you are about to be
in big trouble!Now, I am your father,
and I am telling youto put that goddamn gun
down right now!One!<i>'</i> Two!I followed the guy
in the camouflage jacket.He had a silver gun
with a black griptucked in the back of his pants.Were you really injured
in that car accident in college?Because I believe you faked it.I believe you took the opportunity
to end your football career,no questions asked.And I think you did it,
of all things, for a woman.I guess that makes sense.Football's, what, just ten years,but love...Hmm. Now, that's forever.And that little bit of sadness
in the mornings you spoke of,I think I know what that is.Perhaps you're not doing
what you're supposed to be doing.Most guns have
a black or silver handle.I had a 50-50 shot
of getting the color right.- That's not what I witnessed.
- Stop.Stop messing with my life, Elijah.My son almost shot me last nightbecause he wanted to prove
you were right.I never said you couldn't
be killed.- I never said that.
- My wife was right.There have been
three major disasters,and you were
the only one unharmed.I have been sick.When I was a kid,
I spent a week in the hospitalgetting better from pneumonia.
I almost drowned.Two skinny little kids were fooling
around in a pool dunking me,and I swallowed some water.They didn't know it,
and it almost killed me.Heroes don't get killed like that.Normal people do, right?I don't need to see you
anymore, OK?Please stay away from my family.[I The Pixies: I've Been Tired]Hey, man, it's 20 after.
It's time to choose.I gotta head.You better not be jacking off to
the Japanese comics, I swear to God.Look, man, I didn't know
you were in a...Just choose something, all right?The baby-sitter's here.- [whispers] Should we cancel?
- I'm fine.We can do this another time.Don't lie.I'm fine. I just got mixed-up.How about we just go
for a couple drinks?OK, look, man,
I'm just gonna wheel you out.You can think about things
on the sidewalk.I got to get some chicken in me,
you know what I'm saying?Shit!Dude.I don't care if you are in a wheelchair.
If you do that again, I'm calling 5-0.Man.That's it, crackerjack. You're gonna
be sitting your ass in jail now.[dialing phone]How much for this one?Rust?Yeah.As a color, not as rust.You know, like......rust-colored paint or wood.- I didn't know that.
- Mm-hmm.Um...Mine's still brown.OK, my turn.Favorite song?Soft and Wet by the Artist
Formerly Known as Prince.What?We're supposed to be honest.Soft and Wet.- That's very interesting.
- [chuckles] OK, my turn.- [chuckles]
- When was the first time......the thought popped into your head
we might not make it?That's not the game.It's the first date.
There aren't any rules.[exhales deeply]Don't know for sure.Think carefully.What about the game?It's over. I won.Look, maybe it wasn't
a specific moment.Maybe it was a time...I had a nightmare one night, and...I didn't wake you up so you
could tell me that it was OK.I think that was the first time.Does that count?That counts.Do you knowingly keep me
and Joseph at a distance?Yes.Why?I don't know.I just don't feel right, Audrey.Something's......just not right.Do you resent us, David?Resent the life you have?There were a lot of other things
you could've done after college.These were your choices.Even if it meant
we couldn't have been together,I never would've wished
that injury on you.What you could do physically
was a gift.I never would've wished it
to go away.You know that, right?You had two calls
after Joseph went to bed.One came through while I was on the
other line, but I wasn't talking long.There was an emergency with my sister.
She tried to do a perm, and she looks...Who called through?Um...Someone from New York,
about a security job.They want to hire you.I didn't know you guys
were moving to New York.Thanks for telling me.We weren't all gonna move.Oh.I let the answering machine
pick up the other call.[rain falling outside]Great.Look, let's just be honest here.
We're just at the beginning,and I don't expect you
or I to changethe course of where our lives
were headedbecause of one date.And if you do go to New York,we can develop this. We'll just
be forced to take it slow.And in the end, I think
that's definitely better.This is our second time
around, David.I didn't expect us to get
carried away, you know.Then I guess "congratulations"
is the right thing to say.- [beeps]
- David, it's Elijah.It was so obvious. It was this one issue
that brought it back for me...Century Comics 117. That's where
this group, the Coalition of Evil,tried to ascertain the weakness
of every superhero,because they all have one,
just like you.Your bones don't break. Mine do.That's clear.Your cells react to bacteria
and viruses differently than mine.You don't get sick. I do.That's also clear.But for some reason,you and I react
the exact same way to water.We swallow it too
fast, we choke.We get some in our
lungs, we drown.However unreal it may seem,
we are connected, you and I.We're on the same curve,just on opposite ends.The point of all this is we now know
something we didn't.You have a weakness......water.It's like your kryptonite.You hearing me, David?[beeps][breathing heavily][grunts]Audrey?- [metal creaking]
- [straining]Gotcha.Come on.Audrey.Audrey.Hey!Audrey.What happened?What happened?I thought I was...I thought I was dead.Me too.[truck door slams shut]Is she all right?I think her leg's broken.Are you hurt?Hey, man, are you hurt?[phone ringing]Hello?[David] I wasn't injured
in that car accident.David.I've never been injured, Elijah.<i>What</i> am <i>I supposed to do?</i>Go to where people are.You won't have to look
very long.It's all right to be
afraid, David,because this part
won't be like a comic book.Real life doesn't fit into little boxes
that were drawn for it.There's one in the first row.It's... it's the second one.Yes. It's the second one over.- [screams]
- Go back to Africa![tires screech]Hey, what's your name?I think you drank too much.Can I come in?Who are you?I like your house.Can I come in?What is this?No. You can't come in.Are you sure?What... what are you...?[echoing shrieks][indistinct chatter on television][clattering][echoing screams]- [footsteps]
- [clattering][sobbing][whimpering softly][sobbing softly]- [panting]
- It's OK.[both sobbing softly]It's OK. It's OK.Shh, shh, shh...[door opens][thunder rumbling][coughing, gasping][gasps][shouting][grunting][choking][grunts][grunts]I had a bad dream.It's over now.[David] I don't know.I can't believe you'd
think that.I'm just asking you.I'm making French toast.I've been thinking about
Elijah Price.If he shows up again, I think
we should call the police, OK?OK?OK.[whispers] You were right.[sniffles]- [classical music playing]
- [chattering]This is one of Johann Davis'
earliest drawings.See the villain's eyes?They're larger
than the other characters'.They insinuate a slightly
skewed perspectiveon how they see the world......just off normal.He doesn't look scary.Mm-hmm. That's what I said to my son,
but he says there's always two kinds.There's the soldier villainwho fights the hero with his hands,
and then there's the real threat,the brilliant and
evil archenemywho fights the hero
with his mind.- Are you Elijah's mother?
- I am.I'm helping him with the sale.Nice to meet you.
I'm David Dunn.He's spoken of you.- Says you're becoming friends.
- We are.Looks like he's doing good today.I'm very proud of him.He's come through a
lot in his life,a couple of bad spills
I thought had broken him.Mm-hmm.They were bad......but he made it.Yes, he did.He's kind of a miracle.Yes, he is.- I'll tell him you're here.
- Thank you.It has begun.Tell me something, David.When you woke up this morning,was it still there?The sadness?No.[exhales]I think this is
where we shake hands.- [explosion]
- [gasping]Did you see it?- [sirens wailing]
- [alarm buzzing]I worked in that building
25 years.I know all its secrets.Secrets?Like if there ever was a fire
on floors one, two or three,everyone in that hotel
would be burned alive.- [sirens wailing]
- [alarm buzzing]Passengers aren't allowed
in there.[train rattling][gasps][Elijah] Do you know
what the scariest thing is?To not know your place
in this world,to not know why you're here.
That's...That's just an awful feeling.What have you done?I almost gave up hope.There were so many times
I questioned myself.You killed all those people.But I found you.So many sacrifices......just to find you.Jesus Christ.Now that we know who you are,I know who I am.I'm not a mistake.It all makes sense.In a comic, you know how you can tell
who the arch-villain's going to be?He's the exact opposite
of the hero,and most times, they're friends,
like you and me.I should've known way back when.
You know why, David?Because of the kids.They called me Mr. Glass.